('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00000', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml lang "en" lang "en"> rss atom rdf Photos aggregator dynamic content Search Add album/Contact us News Reviews shaggyshoo has added a photo to the pool annecy. france. France image Pool 2012-02-10 16 22 52 February 10th, 2012 Tags cloud 2008 amateur photographer baby blue car cat con ct ds el est flickr hot ice image la lady man me men mer nb ol one people photo photos photos pictures amateur photographer pictures port q ran red riot Tunis Tunisia up us vie xt WP Cumulus Flash tag cloud by Roy Tanck and Luke Morton requires Flash Player 9 or better. Twits from \'photobabble\' No public Twitter messages. Based on Ocular Professor Powered by WordPress')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00001', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml lang "en" lang "en"> rss atom rdf Photos aggregator dynamic content Search Add album/Contact us News Reviews bleumarie has added a photo to the pool Le Canigou dans la brume February 10th, 2012 Tags cloud 2008 amateur photographer baby blue car cat con ct ds el est flickr hot ice image la lady man me men mer nb ol one people photo photos photos pictures amateur photographer pictures port q ran red riot Tunis Tunisia up us vie xt WP Cumulus Flash tag cloud by Roy Tanck and Luke Morton requires Flash Player 9 or better. Twits from \'photobabble\' No public Twitter messages. Based on Ocular Professor Powered by WordPress')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00002', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml lang "en" lang "en"> rss atom rdf Photos aggregator dynamic content Search Add album/Contact us News Reviews bleumarie has added a photo to the pool Le manoir derri re le palmier February 10th, 2012 Tags cloud 2008 amateur photographer baby blue car cat con ct ds el est flickr hot ice image la lady man me men mer nb ol one people photo photos photos pictures amateur photographer pictures port q ran red riot Tunis Tunisia up us vie xt WP Cumulus Flash tag cloud by Roy Tanck and Luke Morton requires Flash Player 9 or better. Twits from \'photobabble\' No public Twitter messages. Based on Ocular Professor Powered by WordPress')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00003', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml lang "en" lang "en"> rss atom rdf Photos aggregator dynamic content Search Add album/Contact us News Reviews bleumarie has added a photo to the pool Le village derri re les branches February 10th, 2012 Tags cloud 2008 amateur photographer baby blue car cat con ct ds el est flickr hot ice image la lady man me men mer nb ol one people photo photos photos pictures amateur photographer pictures port q ran red riot Tunis Tunisia up us vie xt WP Cumulus Flash tag cloud by Roy Tanck and Luke Morton requires Flash Player 9 or better. Twits from \'photobabble\' No public Twitter messages. Based on Ocular Professor Powered by WordPress')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00004', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml lang "en" lang "en"> rss atom rdf Photos aggregator dynamic content Search Add album/Contact us News Reviews bleumarie has added a photo to the pool Tourelle face au soleil levant February 10th, 2012 Tags cloud 2008 amateur photographer baby blue car cat con ct ds el est flickr hot ice image la lady man me men mer nb ol one people photo photos photos pictures amateur photographer pictures port q ran red riot Tunis Tunisia up us vie xt WP Cumulus Flash tag cloud by Roy Tanck and Luke Morton requires Flash Player 9 or better. Twits from \'photobabble\' No public Twitter messages. Based on Ocular Professor Powered by WordPress')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00006', '> Information Business Mistakes to Avoid When Creating Your First Ebook Someone once said "you can\'t get it right the first time" and he was right. I did commit mistakes, some of which were costly, before I was able to publish my first electronic book. In this article, it\'s my aim to help you at least minimize those mistakes so you can make the whole thing manageable. Read the rest of this Article Here... Money Online Related Articles - Twitter for Online Business Twitter - Game Changer of Internet Business The Internet Business Model For Passionate Entrepreneurs Quality Content Is What Draws Thousands Of Visitors Daily Internet Marketing - Make Money Online Guaranteed SEO - Getting the Internet Marketing Results You Are Looking For Social Media Engagement Future Trends Terms of use & Privacy policy')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00007', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US" xmlns fb "http //www.facebook.com/2008/fbml" xmlns addthis "http //www.addthis.com/help/api-spec" > Home About me Contact me Feb 8, 2012 Posted by clay in Christ and culture , Discipleship | 6 Comments What s in your back yard I m on vacation this week, so I m posting some older articles. Hope you enjoy this one. You ever think about what is in your back yard Might seem like a bit of an odd question, but it s one that s been on my mind recently. It s really pretty easy for me to answer. We ve got a fort for the kids to play on, a slide and a little house for the younger ones, some lawn furniture, a grill, and a small patio. Seems pretty typical, doesn t it Now, if I just stopped there, this would make for a pretty pointless and stupid post, so I m not going to. What s interesting to me are the things that I didn t describe that are back there, things that I don t expect or want you to see. We have a new dog that s still a bit of a puppy and she likes to drag things out the dog door and into the backyard. She doesn t typically chew them up except for shoes she just takes them outside and deposits them between the fort and the back door. One day my wife and I were talking while I was driving home from work and she said, Don t look in the back yard when you get home. Naturally, I was curious why I was being restricted like this and she replied with, Because it looks like a diaper bomb went off out there. Apparently Maggie had found a trash can in the bedroom where we had been putting diapers and was taking them outside, one by one. Now you might be wondering why I m telling you about this and how it relates to my point. You really need to be less like my son watching a movie, constantly asking about what s going to happen, and be more patient. I m only 250 words into this. When there is stuff strewn all over the back yard, I hate going out there. It s surrounded by a fence so nobody sees it and this removes just about any motivation I might have to clean it up. I don t even like mowing out there. Normally, nobody knows about this except for my family and it s not a big deal. However, last week, anyone driving by my house knew about my lack of back yard cleanliness. After a couple days of strong winds and one good storm, my already pathetic fence gave up on one side of the house and came crashing down. I look outside during the storm and notice three fence panels on the ground and two more waving like fans at a football game who just realized the camera was turned their direction. I was understandably disappointed that I would have to repair the fence, but I was more disturbed that now people would be able to see into my back yard and the sorry state it was in. Last weekend while I was rebuilding the fence, I had plenty of time to think. I started to realize that the way we maintain our house could really be a metaphor for our own lives. I try to make sure that the front yard is fairly well kept, always mowed and looking at least presentable. The front yard is like my public life. It s lived out in front of anyone who can see it and what goes on there isn t hidden in the least. Any words I speak in public are out there for all to hear. My back yard is a bit more guarded. I try to keep what is going on back there private, but it doesn t always work, as evidenced by my fence falling in. Just like that fence, sometimes my guard is down and people see a bit more of what I m really like. I might try to quickly build the fence back up but once someone sees that back yard of my personality, they probably won t forget it, especially if it contradicts what I normally do. My point behind all this is that we need to be sure that what we display in the front yard of our lives, our public face, is consistent with how we live in the back yard of our life. We expect privacy there, but we should also understand that at any moment that privacy can be broken, and all the things that we try to hide from public view will be displayed for all to see. Luke 12 2-3 tells us 2 For there is nothing covered that will not be revealed, nor hidden that will not be known. 3 Therefore whatever you have spoken in the dark will be heard in the light, and what you have spoken in the ear in inner rooms will be proclaimed on the housetops. Let us live our lives so that what is proclaimed from the housetops is our love for our Savior, our dedication to living our lives for the calling He has given to us. We are the light of the world, shining like that city on a hill to make known His sacrifice for us, not for our own glory, but for His. Pray that we do not let the hidden part of our lives become a hindrance to the spreading of His word. Related Posts What happens when you fail Tebow or, a shameless attempt at page views The slippery slope of morality Foundations a week in review Lost in the woods Powered by Contextual Related Posts 6 Comments Noel says April 22, 2011 at 4 17 pm Did Collette tell you about the state of our backyard Hmm good post! reply clay says April 22, 2011 at 4 22 pm Nope, didn t say a word. I m ashamed to say this all came from looking at ours. Thanks for the kind word! reply Michelle says April 22, 2011 at 5 19 pm This is awesome! Thanks for sharing! reply clay says April 22, 2011 at 5 37 pm Thanks Michelle! reply Frank says April 22, 2011 at 9 27 pm Good stuff to ponder on Good Friday. Thanks! reply clay says April 25, 2011 at 10 22 am Thanks Frank! reply Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked Name Email Website Comment You may use these HTML tags and attributes a href "" title ""> abbr title ""> acronym title ""> b> blockquote cite ""> cite> code> del datetime ""> em> i> q cite ""> strike> strong> Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Subscribe to claywginn.com via email! Don\'t want to come check out the site every day Subscribe here and I\'ll send you an email every time a new post goes up. Join 7 other subscribers Popular Posts What kind of God wants you to be poor and miserable 33 Humble pride 33 Humble pride a follow up 31 The beginning 20 Why do I write 19 Starting over 18 Lost in the woods 18 Expectations 18 What is your mission 18 What is bi-vocational ministry 17 Categories Apologetics 6 Bi-vocational Ministry 1 Christ and culture 15 Discipleship 18 Featured 3 Mission 2 Writing 19 Friends Sitemeter AdSense Word Count Statistics Total 21,977 Words Posts 21,458 Words 511 Avg. Powered by WordPress | Designed by Elegant Themes')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00008', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US" xmlns fb "http //www.facebook.com/2008/fbml" xmlns addthis "http //www.addthis.com/help/api-spec" > Home About me Contact me Feb 9, 2012 Posted by clay in Christ and culture , Discipleship | 0 Comments The slippery slope of morality The journey from your mind into your hands is shorter than you re thinking. Be careful if you think you stand, you just might be sinking. - Slow Fade , Casting Crowns The hard thing about trying to be a good, moral person is that you re constantly being pulled towards those things you know you shouldn t be involved in. Temptation has a way of dragging you back onto the wide path when you ve been trying to walk the straight and narrow. Sometimes though, you make the choices yourself. You see that someone else is letting slide what you think is wrong, so you begin to think it s OK too. It could be swearing, movies, drinking, just about anything. You start to feel pressure if you re the one that is different from everyone else and then you begin to conform to the ways of those around you. And do not be conformed to this world, but be transformed by the renewing of your mind, that you may prove what is that good and acceptable and perfect will of God. - Romans 12 2 NKJV The little things add up, all the time. First, you decide to tell a little white lie so that you don t get in trouble. You follow those with lies to cover up the original lie. Years later, you re telling your spouse that you ve been at the office all day when really you ve been at a bar, all because it s become more natural to lie than to tell the truth. Opening the door to any sin allows all sin to get a foothold in your life. We ve got to battle back sin with the Holy Spirit, actively engaging in the fight and not passively allowing the enemy to roll over us. This is something that doesn t come natural to any of us, it really is a struggle to do. However, the reward for fighting back the sin in our lives is eternal. Imagine that a worker notices a problem with a dam holding back millions of gallons of water. Below that dam is a quaint little town, full of people going about their everyday lives. If the worker notices a small leak in the dam, should he fix the leak, or should he just say, Oh, it s just a small leak, it should be fine. Those millions of gallons of water are now placing pressure on that small leak, causing it to grow a little bigger with each passing day. Gradually, the leak turns into a gaping hole, allowing more water to pass through, causing some minor issues in the little town. Still, the worker says, The dam is still standing, that hole isn t causing much damage. I ll ignore it. Eventually, the gaping hole gives way to an actual dam break. Millions of gallons of water are rushing down the hill towards the little town, destroying everything in its path. The little town is destroyed, all the people are injured or killed, and the dam worker justifies it by saying, The dam just broke! Now, let s talk about sin this way. Maybe you ve allowed a little sin into your life, but you don t want to deal with it because it s not a big deal. Everyone has small issues, right Your family doesn t know about it and everything looks normal. However, that sin is placing pressure on you and on the rest of your life, wanting to allow more sin to come through. Gradually, that sin grows into something that you and your family notice, but you don t really identify the cause of the problem. You continue to justify it by saying that everyone is doing it, it ll be OK. It s not causing too many problems in your life so you just let it continue. Finally, the dam breaks. You act out on your sin in a big way, destroying your family, your reputation, and your relationship with God. You might say, I don t know what happened, I wasn t myself, it just happened! This is what happens when we allow sin to erode our life. Our familiarity with sin is unacceptable to God. We cannot be friendly with sin and friendly with God at the same time. Through prayer, through devotion to Him, God can give us the ability to overcome sin, but we have to make the effort to do so. We have to pursue God so that He can renew our minds. Are there areas where you need to battle back sin in your life How can I pray for you Related Posts Humble pride a follow up Naked ambition Barely containable Ruminating What s in your back yard Powered by Contextual Related Posts Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked Name Email Website Comment You may use these HTML tags and attributes a href "" title ""> abbr title ""> acronym title ""> b> blockquote cite ""> cite> code> del datetime ""> em> i> q cite ""> strike> strong> Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Subscribe to claywginn.com via email! Don\'t want to come check out the site every day Subscribe here and I\'ll send you an email every time a new post goes up. Join 7 other subscribers Popular Posts What kind of God wants you to be poor and miserable 33 Humble pride 33 Humble pride a follow up 31 The beginning 20 Why do I write 19 Starting over 18 Lost in the woods 18 Expectations 18 What is your mission 18 What is bi-vocational ministry 17 Categories Apologetics 6 Bi-vocational Ministry 1 Christ and culture 15 Discipleship 18 Featured 3 Mission 2 Writing 19 Friends Sitemeter AdSense Word Count Statistics Total 21,977 Words Posts 21,458 Words 511 Avg. Powered by WordPress | Designed by Elegant Themes')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00009', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US" xmlns fb "http //www.facebook.com/2008/fbml" xmlns addthis "http //www.addthis.com/help/api-spec" > Home About me Contact me Feb 10, 2012 Posted by clay in Christ and culture , Writing | 0 Comments Lessons learned from a week on vacation It s been quite a week. We have one more night here at Walt Disney World, then we are headed home. I ll give you a bit of a preview for next week though. There are a few things I ve noticed here that develop into great analogies for life lessons. Anything from a large, burly fellow with a pink Disney Princess backpack, to using the bathroom at the dinner table, to the lack of wisdom in crowds. I think you ll enjoy these. However, today I d like to share with a you a few lessons that have been forcefully taught to me this week. Some painful, some really painful, and some rather enjoyable. I love that I ve been able to spend a week in a single hotel room with my wife and kids. However, I m going crazy spending a week in a single hotel room with my kids. Bedtime is the absolute craziest time of day. I don t know if it is the tired children, the tired parents, or the insanity of being in one room, but little ones do not go to sleep well this way, at least not ours. Now, this is a very first world problem, and I know that I should be thankful that I m able to take trips like this with my children. Don t misunderstand me, because I am very thankful for that. The simple fact remains that it is so far out of the ordinary for us as to be uncomfortable and even more tiring. The second thing I ve learned is that you can tell how many days people have been here just by the look on their faces. There is an unspoken I ve sat through ;It s A Small World so many times that i might just twist off at the next puppet I see look to some faces. These are the people that are not hardcore Disney fans, but came mostly for their children. An aside you know what would make Small World so much better Bucket o softballs. You ll have to create a queue that would stretch all the way across the park for it. So many childhood doll nightmares erased in a hail of tossed balls. It s a goldmine. I expect my royalty checks to pour in soon. Too many people come here with the expectation that they can accomplish everything at WDW in a week. This is so far from the truth. My wife and I have been coming here since 1996, and we ve still not seen or done it all. The likelihood is pretty slim that it will happen too. Too many things changing or disappearing to be able to conquer that mountain. The one lasting memory I have from our trips to WDW is the sense of awe that my children feel. Heck, I feel it too. Everything here is so much bigger, so much more perfect than the real world. Of course, if it weren t that way, we wouldn t be paying to visit. If someone built a Computer Progeammer World, I d have to be drugged to be taken in to it. I don t want my real life, I want a different reality. That might be good sometimes, but it definitely isn t a way to live. Finally, it appears to me that while they are here, people become a clearer, more exact picture of themselves due to the money and time spent, and emotional and physical investment paid to be here. Vacations, especially big ones like WDW have a way of refining our personalities in a way that other experiences don t. I ve seen adults act like complete children and complete jerks. I ve seen children be perfect angels and ceaseless terrors and you should have seen everyone else s kids, too . I m sure that I exhibit some of this too. We are who we are, and exhaustion makes the pretensions go away. All in all, it s been a great time here. I m anxious to start home and return to my own reality though. Too many exciting things coming up in the next few weeks that I don t want to miss. I hope you come back again next week for my Observations on the World series. Related Posts Next year s model Flummoxed a week in review What is bi-vocational ministry What s in your back yard Where to go from here Powered by Contextual Related Posts Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked Name Email Website Comment You may use these HTML tags and attributes a href "" title ""> abbr title ""> acronym title ""> b> blockquote cite ""> cite> code> del datetime ""> em> i> q cite ""> strike> strong> Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Subscribe to claywginn.com via email! Don\'t want to come check out the site every day Subscribe here and I\'ll send you an email every time a new post goes up. Join 7 other subscribers Popular Posts What kind of God wants you to be poor and miserable 33 Humble pride 33 Humble pride a follow up 31 The beginning 20 Why do I write 19 Starting over 18 Lost in the woods 18 Expectations 18 What is your mission 18 What is bi-vocational ministry 17 Categories Apologetics 6 Bi-vocational Ministry 1 Christ and culture 15 Discipleship 18 Featured 3 Mission 2 Writing 19 Friends Sitemeter AdSense Word Count Statistics Total 21,977 Words Posts 21,458 Words 511 Avg. Powered by WordPress | Designed by Elegant Themes')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00012', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en"> Store Front HOME Log In Products New Products All Products Specials Search Categories Wall Words Activities Animals-Pets Arts Children Christmas Family & Friends Fun Home Life Love Misc RV Self Motivation Spiritual Trees & Plants Wedding Wisdom Family Heritage Signs Billboards Baby, Life etc Stick people Animal Sticks Baby Sticks Boy Sticks Female Sticks Girl Sticks Male Sticks Stick Family Portrait Chore Board Organizer Fun Wooden Signs Age Bath Boys Easter Family Father--Men Friends Garden Girls Grandparents Home Housework Kitchen Life--Motivation Love Mother--Women Outdoors Pets Spiritual Family Night Organizer Small Stickers Clothes Racks, personalized D coratif Autocollant Amour Animaux Bain Cr ativit Cuisine Dehors Enfants Famille La Vie Maison Motivation Spiritualit Enseigne en bois Car Quotes Gift Certificate GIFT CERTIFICATE Shipping Info Privacy Policy Site Map GIFT CERTIFICATE Contact Us My Account Log In Create Account Shopping Cart Shopping Cart Your cart is empty. DISCOUNTS!! Login Email Password Forgotten Password Create Account Recently Viewed Doggie Paws $3.00 Search MY PRODUCTS Advanced Search What did you think We can all twinkle Francine, this quote has made my sitting room complete! It feels... Read More -> View All Comments Add your thoughts.. Products Small Stickers Doggie Paws Small Stickers Product 14/50 Doggie Paws larger image $3.00 approx. 4x3.5 in How Many 1 2 +$3.00 3 +$6.00 4 +$9.00 5 +$12.00 color-couleur lime ocean beige black pink brown peru iron crimson forest gold grass poppy sky lavender grey thistle jay navy purple red metalic tan pumpkin white yellow z default Comments Commentaire maximum characters allowed larger image Add to Cart Product 14/50 INFORMATION GIFT CERTIFICATES WISH GIFT REGISTRY TRY FONTS ABOUT US QUOTES LIBRARY COLOR CHOICES Important Links INSTRUCTIONS Customer Pics My Art Fran ais, Instruction New Ones Dogs are natural born thieves... $25.00 Products Copyright 2012 TALKING WALLS . Powered by Zen Cart')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00013', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Health and Insurance cheapcosthealthinsurance.com Home Sports Imran Khan Imran Khan Contact Us Health care Health Care Center Health care issues Health Care Jobs Health care management Health care problems Health Care Services Health care system Health Care Technology Home health care Palliative care Private Health Care United health care United Healthcare What is Health Care What is primary health care Health insurance Cheap cost health insurance Dental insurance Health Care Health Insurance Health care insurance Health Insurance Benefits Health insurance companies Health Insurance Coverage Health Insurance Medical Health Insurance Medical Insurance Health Insurance Plan Medical Health Insurance Medical insurance Medical Insurance Health Insurance What is health insurance Stages of cancer Bladder cancer Blood Cancer Bone Cancer Brain Cancer Breast Cancer Symptoms Cancer Disease Cancer Information Cancer Stages Cancer Symptoms Cancer Treatment Cancer Types Causes Of Cancer Cervical cancer Colon Cancer Colorectal Cancer Esophageal Cancer Liver Cancer Lung Cancer Metastatic Cancer Mouth cancer Ovarian Cancer Skin Cancer Stomach Cancer Symptoms Of Cancer Testicular Cancer Thyroid Cancer Treatment of Cancer Types Of Cancer Uterine Cancer What is Breast Cancer What is Breast the Cancer What is Aids ABOUT AIDS About Aids HIV About HIV Aids Aids HIV AIDS to HIV AIDS what is it and AIDS HIV Aids HIV AND AIDS HIV or AIDS How do i get AIDS How do you get aids Is Aids HIV of AIDS TO AIDS What HIV and AIDS What is a AIDS What is a HIV What is AIDS and HIV What is an aids What is HIV Aids What is HIV and AIDS What is HIV What is AIDS What is it AIDS Women and health Breastfeeding Health for women Health of women Health women Women For Women International Women Health Women Health Center Women Health Clinic Women s Health What is HIV Aids What is HIV Aids What is HIV Aids What is hiv aids HIV-AIDS has been lurid to populace all over the globe. What is hiv aids youthful populace are the mainly susceptible to this illness. What is hiv aids More and more juvenile populace die each next as of the illness. What is hiv aids More and more juvenile populace are impure daily during some of the four behavior. What is hiv aids during which one can contact the disease. What is hiv aids you don t identify the four ways I will tell you. What is hiv aids my anxiety here is that there is really amazing that slays earlier than HIV-AIDS. What is hiv aids there is amazing that murders sooner .than the lethal HIV-AIDS. What is hiv aids HIV is the totally lethal germ that reasons AIDS. What is hiv aids In case you don t identify or you recognize but maybe you ve overlooked. What is hiv aids HIV is the ellipsis for Human Immunodeficiency Virus. What is hiv aids HIV AIDS is an short form for Acquired Immune Deficiency Syndrome. What is hiv aids It is the result of life form assault by HIV. What is hiv aids The assignment of HIV is to obliterate the human immune system. What is hiv aids therefore makes chance for a variety of infection recognized as opportunistic infections to assault the fatality. What is hiv aids The opportunistic disease comprise some lethal illness. What is hiv aids you can believe of such as diabetes, kidney failure. What is hiv aids it damages heart disease, tuberculosis, consumption chaos and liver illness. What is hiv aids The disease comprise all the main health evils on soil. What is hiv aids as the resistant structure is now dysfunctional what is hiv aids it rejection longer defend the cadaver starting lethal stranger . What is HIV Aids What is hiv aids I tell you about the four conduct during which one canister contact HIV-AIDS. What is hiv aids They comprise sexual contact amid impure person. What is hiv aids furthermore a new person, distribution of unsterilized pointed. What is hiv aids tools, blood transfusion, and mother-to-child transmission. What is hiv aids, it s sensible youthful people desist from some form of sexual connection. What is hiv aids wedded people are recommended to be true to their allies. What is hiv aids as having a lot of buddies can actually create one vulnerable to the illness. Tweet Be the first to comment - What do you think Posted by jmalzameer - January 25, 2012 at 5 33 pm Categories What is Aids , What is HIV Aids Tags About AIDS , Aids HIV , Bladder Cancer , Blood Cancer , Bone Cancer , Brain Cancer , Breast Cancer , breastfeeding , cancer disease , Cancer Information , Cancer Symptoms , Cancer Treatment , Causes Of Cancer , Cervical cancer , Cheap , Colon Cancer , cost , Dental insurance , health , Health Care Health Insurance , Health care insurance , Health Care Services , health care system , Health for women , Health insurance , Health Insurance Benefits , Health insurance companies , Health Insurance Coverage , Health Insurance Medical , Health Insurance Medical Insurance , Health Insurance Plan , Health of women , Health women , Hiv Aids , Home health care , insurance , Liver Cancer , lung cancer , Medical Health Insurance , Medical insurance , Mouth cancer , Ovarian Cancer , Skin Cancer , Stage of cancer , Stomach Cancer , Symptoms Of Cancer , Testicular Cancer , Thyroid Cancer , Types Of Cancer , United health care , What is aids , What is an aids , What is health insurance , What is HIV , Women and health , Women For Women International , Women Health , Women Health Center , Women Health Clinic , Women s Health Leave a Reply Cancel reply Name Email Website Comment Search for Recent Posts Metastatic Cancer Cancer Stages Cancer Types Uterine Cancer What is Breast the Cancer Recent Comments Archives February 2012 January 2012 Categories ABOUT AIDS About Aids HIV About HIV Aids Aids HIV AIDS to HIV AIDS what is it and AIDS Bladder cancer Blood Cancer Bone Cancer Brain Cancer Breast Cancer Symptoms Breastfeeding Cancer Disease Cancer Information Cancer Stages Cancer Symptoms Cancer Treatment Cancer Types Causes Of Cancer Cervical cancer Cheap cost health insurance Colon Cancer Colorectal Cancer Dental insurance Esophageal Cancer Health care Health Care Center Health Care Health Insurance Health care insurance Health care issues Health Care Jobs Health care management Health care problems Health Care Services Health care system Health Care Technology Health for women Health insurance Health Insurance Benefits Health insurance companies Health Insurance Coverage Health Insurance Medical Health Insurance Medical Insurance Health Insurance Plan Health of women Health women HIV Aids HIV AND AIDS HIV or AIDS Home health care How do i get AIDS How do you get aids Is Aids HIV Liver Cancer Lung Cancer Medical Health Insurance Medical insurance Medical Insurance Health Insurance Metastatic Cancer Mouth cancer of AIDS Ovarian Cancer Palliative care Private Health Care Skin Cancer Stages of cancer Stomach Cancer Symptoms Of Cancer Testicular Cancer Thyroid Cancer TO AIDS Treatment of Cancer Types Of Cancer United health care United Healthcare Uterine Cancer What HIV and AIDS What is a AIDS What is a HIV What is Aids What is AIDS and HIV What is an aids What is Breast Cancer What is Breast the Cancer What is Health Care What is health insurance What is HIV Aids What is HIV and AIDS What is HIV What is AIDS What is it AIDS What is primary health care Women and health Women For Women International Women Health Women Health Center Women Health Clinic Women s Health Pages Sports Imran Khan Imran Khan Contact Us WordPress Theme by HeatMapTheme.com')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00014', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Health and Insurance cheapcosthealthinsurance.com Home Sports Imran Khan Imran Khan Contact Us Health care Health Care Center Health care issues Health Care Jobs Health care management Health care problems Health Care Services Health care system Health Care Technology Home health care Palliative care Private Health Care United health care United Healthcare What is Health Care What is primary health care Health insurance Cheap cost health insurance Dental insurance Health Care Health Insurance Health care insurance Health Insurance Benefits Health insurance companies Health Insurance Coverage Health Insurance Medical Health Insurance Medical Insurance Health Insurance Plan Medical Health Insurance Medical insurance Medical Insurance Health Insurance What is health insurance Stages of cancer Bladder cancer Blood Cancer Bone Cancer Brain Cancer Breast Cancer Symptoms Cancer Disease Cancer Information Cancer Stages Cancer Symptoms Cancer Treatment Cancer Types Causes Of Cancer Cervical cancer Colon Cancer Colorectal Cancer Esophageal Cancer Liver Cancer Lung Cancer Metastatic Cancer Mouth cancer Ovarian Cancer Skin Cancer Stomach Cancer Symptoms Of Cancer Testicular Cancer Thyroid Cancer Treatment of Cancer Types Of Cancer Uterine Cancer What is Breast Cancer What is Breast the Cancer What is Aids ABOUT AIDS About Aids HIV About HIV Aids Aids HIV AIDS to HIV AIDS what is it and AIDS HIV Aids HIV AND AIDS HIV or AIDS How do i get AIDS How do you get aids Is Aids HIV of AIDS TO AIDS What HIV and AIDS What is a AIDS What is a HIV What is AIDS and HIV What is an aids What is HIV Aids What is HIV and AIDS What is HIV What is AIDS What is it AIDS Women and health Breastfeeding Health for women Health of women Health women Women For Women International Women Health Women Health Center Women Health Clinic Women s Health HIV or AIDS HIV or AIDS HIV or AIDS HIV or AIDS are debatably the mainly famous and mainly dread STDs of nowadays. HIV or AIDS, which are better clear as Acquired Immune Deficiency Syndrome, are a grave shape of sexually HIV or AIDS broadcast illness that assault and fail the immune system. HIV or AIDS foliage the cadaver susceptible to illness that would guide HIV or AIDS wounded to deadly cost. HIV or AIDS are a kind of immunodeficiency disarray where a bit of the mechanism of the resistant organization befalls absent. HIV or AIDS is the last stage of series of the illness HIV or AIDS have resulted from a viral disease recognized as Human Immunodeficiency Virus HIV or AIDS virus . HIV or AIDS These illness transport down several harsh and strange disease, HIV or AIDS debilitating illness, and several additional situation HIV or AIDS influence the middle anxious organization and the brain. HIV or AIDS Opportunistic disease affects approximately each limb scheme of people pain from AIDS. HIV or AIDS also augments the danger of rising sure cancer, HIV or AIDS such as cervical cancers, Kaposi s growth and lymphomas. HIV or AIDS patients expand dissimilar opportunistic disease depending on HIV or AIDS extensive such infections are on the region where the enduring is located. The HIV or AIDS virus leftovers in ones corpse everlastingly and might stay hidden for some months HIV or AIDS existence unless indication of AIDS or HIV emerge. HIV or AIDS As moment development for several existence and still decades, HIV or AIDS chamber in the immune systems befalls slowly smashed HIV or AIDS would go the body unguarded beside these opportunistic diseases. HIV or AIDS These parasites, viruses and cancer cells will increase inside HIV or AIDS a victim s body heavily unconcealed. The characteristic HIV or AIDS opportunistic disease that struck the body of HIV or AIDS wounded are tuberculosis, HIV or AIDS yeast infection in vagina, throat, or mouth, pneumocystis cariniipneumonia, HIV or AIDS cytomegalovirus retinitis and shingles. HIV or AIDS HIV or AIDS indications are mainly the belongings of circumstances HIV or AIDS usually don t obviouses on populace having healthy immune systems. HIV or AIDS frequently era these are universal indications of an disease, HIV or AIDS such as heavy worries mostly throughout night time, HIV or AIDS fevers, chills, swollen glands, weaknesses and loss of weight. Tweet Be the first to comment - What do you think Posted by jmalzameer - January 26, 2012 at 4 19 pm Categories HIV or AIDS , What is Aids Tags About AIDS , Aids HIV , Bladder Cancer , Blood Cancer , Bone Cancer , Brain Cancer , Breast Cancer , breastfeeding , cancer disease , Cancer Information , Cancer Symptoms , Cancer Treatment , Causes Of Cancer , Cervical cancer , Cheap , Colon Cancer , cost , Dental insurance , health , Health Care Health Insurance , Health care insurance , Health Care Services , health care system , Health for women , Health insurance , Health Insurance Benefits , Health insurance companies , Health Insurance Coverage , Health Insurance Medical , Health Insurance Medical Insurance , Health Insurance Plan , Health of women , Health women , Hiv Aids , HIV or AIDS , Home health care , insurance , Liver Cancer , lung cancer , Medical Health Insurance , Medical insurance , Mouth cancer , Ovarian Cancer , Skin Cancer , Stage of cancer , Stomach Cancer , Symptoms Of Cancer , Testicular Cancer , Thyroid Cancer , Types Of Cancer , United health care , What is aids , What is an aids , What is health insurance , What is HIV , Women and health , Women For Women International , Women Health , Women Health Center , Women Health Clinic , Women s Health Leave a Reply Cancel reply Name Email Website Comment Search for Recent Posts Metastatic Cancer Cancer Stages Cancer Types Uterine Cancer What is Breast the Cancer Recent Comments Archives February 2012 January 2012 Categories ABOUT AIDS About Aids HIV About HIV Aids Aids HIV AIDS to HIV AIDS what is it and AIDS Bladder cancer Blood Cancer Bone Cancer Brain Cancer Breast Cancer Symptoms Breastfeeding Cancer Disease Cancer Information Cancer Stages Cancer Symptoms Cancer Treatment Cancer Types Causes Of Cancer Cervical cancer Cheap cost health insurance Colon Cancer Colorectal Cancer Dental insurance Esophageal Cancer Health care Health Care Center Health Care Health Insurance Health care insurance Health care issues Health Care Jobs Health care management Health care problems Health Care Services Health care system Health Care Technology Health for women Health insurance Health Insurance Benefits Health insurance companies Health Insurance Coverage Health Insurance Medical Health Insurance Medical Insurance Health Insurance Plan Health of women Health women HIV Aids HIV AND AIDS HIV or AIDS Home health care How do i get AIDS How do you get aids Is Aids HIV Liver Cancer Lung Cancer Medical Health Insurance Medical insurance Medical Insurance Health Insurance Metastatic Cancer Mouth cancer of AIDS Ovarian Cancer Palliative care Private Health Care Skin Cancer Stages of cancer Stomach Cancer Symptoms Of Cancer Testicular Cancer Thyroid Cancer TO AIDS Treatment of Cancer Types Of Cancer United health care United Healthcare Uterine Cancer What HIV and AIDS What is a AIDS What is a HIV What is Aids What is AIDS and HIV What is an aids What is Breast Cancer What is Breast the Cancer What is Health Care What is health insurance What is HIV Aids What is HIV and AIDS What is HIV What is AIDS What is it AIDS What is primary health care Women and health Women For Women International Women Health Women Health Center Women Health Clinic Women s Health Pages Sports Imran Khan Imran Khan Contact Us WordPress Theme by HeatMapTheme.com')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00015', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Health and Insurance cheapcosthealthinsurance.com Home Sports Imran Khan Imran Khan Contact Us Health care Health Care Center Health care issues Health Care Jobs Health care management Health care problems Health Care Services Health care system Health Care Technology Home health care Palliative care Private Health Care United health care United Healthcare What is Health Care What is primary health care Health insurance Cheap cost health insurance Dental insurance Health Care Health Insurance Health care insurance Health Insurance Benefits Health insurance companies Health Insurance Coverage Health Insurance Medical Health Insurance Medical Insurance Health Insurance Plan Medical Health Insurance Medical insurance Medical Insurance Health Insurance What is health insurance Stages of cancer Bladder cancer Blood Cancer Bone Cancer Brain Cancer Breast Cancer Symptoms Cancer Disease Cancer Information Cancer Stages Cancer Symptoms Cancer Treatment Cancer Types Causes Of Cancer Cervical cancer Colon Cancer Colorectal Cancer Esophageal Cancer Liver Cancer Lung Cancer Metastatic Cancer Mouth cancer Ovarian Cancer Skin Cancer Stomach Cancer Symptoms Of Cancer Testicular Cancer Thyroid Cancer Treatment of Cancer Types Of Cancer Uterine Cancer What is Breast Cancer What is Breast the Cancer What is Aids ABOUT AIDS About Aids HIV About HIV Aids Aids HIV AIDS to HIV AIDS what is it and AIDS HIV Aids HIV AND AIDS HIV or AIDS How do i get AIDS How do you get aids Is Aids HIV of AIDS TO AIDS What HIV and AIDS What is a AIDS What is a HIV What is AIDS and HIV What is an aids What is HIV Aids What is HIV and AIDS What is HIV What is AIDS What is it AIDS Women and health Breastfeeding Health for women Health of women Health women Women For Women International Women Health Women Health Center Women Health Clinic Women s Health How do you get aids How do you get aids How do you get Aids How do you get aids solitary of the greatest habits to treat. How do you get aids Tinnitus is by via trial aids. How do you get aids although by this type of aids. How do you get aids might appear painful. How do you get aids they are extremely significant if you desire to delicacy your Tinnitus. How do you get aids you cannot presently arbitrarily choose one. How do you get aids As dissimilar cases and amounts of Tinnitus will need dissimilar trial aids. How do you get aids You require primary to ask with your physician. How do you get aids when he or she suggest. How do you get aids That you must utilize a trial aid. How do you get aids you can start to seem for the top one for your situation. How do you get aids Here are a little clues on how to discover one that outfits you finest. How do you get aids First of all, you want to do various inquiries on the top earshot aids. How do you get aids You can hunt on the Internet. How do you get aids pose people who too have hear harms or simply. How do you get aids request your physician if he or she can recommend the kind of trial aid. How do you get aids that are greatest for your stipulation. How do you get aids Your physician usually will afford a counsel of where to acquire the gadget. How do you get aids Your physician might previously have a bond. How do you get Aids How do you get aids with a maker or seller and maybe selling one during that canal can keep you cash. How do you get aids If you choose to chase for the aids yourself. How do you get aids if the physician cannot provide you a advice. How do you get aids the first portion you require to ensure is the noise excellence. How do you get aids superior trial aids will have extremely superior thud excellence. How do you get aids You must be able to listen to thud without causing uneasiness. How do you get aids owing to creature moreover piercing, for occurrence. How do you get aids The subsequently thing you want to believe is whether the aids can be covered. How do you get aids that populace will not can inform that you have a hear trouble. Tweet Be the first to comment - What do you think Posted by jmalzameer - January 26, 2012 at 5 13 pm Categories How do you get aids , What is Aids Tags About AIDS , Aids HIV , Bladder Cancer , Blood Cancer , Bone Cancer , Brain Cancer , Breast Cancer , breastfeeding , cancer disease , Cancer Information , Cancer Symptoms , Cancer Treatment , Causes Of Cancer , Cervical cancer , Cheap , Colon Cancer , cost , Dental insurance , health , Health Care Health Insurance , Health care insurance , Health Care Services , health care system , Health for women , Health insurance , Health Insurance Benefits , Health insurance companies , Health Insurance Coverage , Health Insurance Medical , Health Insurance Medical Insurance , Health Insurance Plan , Health of women , Health women , Hiv Aids , HIV or AIDS , Home health care , How do you get Aids , insurance , Liver Cancer , lung cancer , Medical Health Insurance , Medical insurance , Mouth cancer , Ovarian Cancer , Skin Cancer , Stage of cancer , Stomach Cancer , Symptoms Of Cancer , Testicular Cancer , Thyroid Cancer , Types Of Cancer , United health care , What is aids , What is an aids , What is health insurance , What is HIV , Women and health , Women For Women International , Women Health , Women Health Center , Women Health Clinic , Women s Health Leave a Reply Cancel reply Name Email Website Comment Search for Recent Posts Metastatic Cancer Cancer Stages Cancer Types Uterine Cancer What is Breast the Cancer Recent Comments Archives February 2012 January 2012 Categories ABOUT AIDS About Aids HIV About HIV Aids Aids HIV AIDS to HIV AIDS what is it and AIDS Bladder cancer Blood Cancer Bone Cancer Brain Cancer Breast Cancer Symptoms Breastfeeding Cancer Disease Cancer Information Cancer Stages Cancer Symptoms Cancer Treatment Cancer Types Causes Of Cancer Cervical cancer Cheap cost health insurance Colon Cancer Colorectal Cancer Dental insurance Esophageal Cancer Health care Health Care Center Health Care Health Insurance Health care insurance Health care issues Health Care Jobs Health care management Health care problems Health Care Services Health care system Health Care Technology Health for women Health insurance Health Insurance Benefits Health insurance companies Health Insurance Coverage Health Insurance Medical Health Insurance Medical Insurance Health Insurance Plan Health of women Health women HIV Aids HIV AND AIDS HIV or AIDS Home health care How do i get AIDS How do you get aids Is Aids HIV Liver Cancer Lung Cancer Medical Health Insurance Medical insurance Medical Insurance Health Insurance Metastatic Cancer Mouth cancer of AIDS Ovarian Cancer Palliative care Private Health Care Skin Cancer Stages of cancer Stomach Cancer Symptoms Of Cancer Testicular Cancer Thyroid Cancer TO AIDS Treatment of Cancer Types Of Cancer United health care United Healthcare Uterine Cancer What HIV and AIDS What is a AIDS What is a HIV What is Aids What is AIDS and HIV What is an aids What is Breast Cancer What is Breast the Cancer What is Health Care What is health insurance What is HIV Aids What is HIV and AIDS What is HIV What is AIDS What is it AIDS What is primary health care Women and health Women For Women International Women Health Women Health Center Women Health Clinic Women s Health Pages Sports Imran Khan Imran Khan Contact Us WordPress Theme by HeatMapTheme.com')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00016', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Health and Insurance cheapcosthealthinsurance.com Home Sports Imran Khan Imran Khan Contact Us Health care Health Care Center Health care issues Health Care Jobs Health care management Health care problems Health Care Services Health care system Health Care Technology Home health care Palliative care Private Health Care United health care United Healthcare What is Health Care What is primary health care Health insurance Cheap cost health insurance Dental insurance Health Care Health Insurance Health care insurance Health Insurance Benefits Health insurance companies Health Insurance Coverage Health Insurance Medical Health Insurance Medical Insurance Health Insurance Plan Medical Health Insurance Medical insurance Medical Insurance Health Insurance What is health insurance Stages of cancer Bladder cancer Blood Cancer Bone Cancer Brain Cancer Breast Cancer Symptoms Cancer Disease Cancer Information Cancer Stages Cancer Symptoms Cancer Treatment Cancer Types Causes Of Cancer Cervical cancer Colon Cancer Colorectal Cancer Esophageal Cancer Liver Cancer Lung Cancer Metastatic Cancer Mouth cancer Ovarian Cancer Skin Cancer Stomach Cancer Symptoms Of Cancer Testicular Cancer Thyroid Cancer Treatment of Cancer Types Of Cancer Uterine Cancer What is Breast Cancer What is Breast the Cancer What is Aids ABOUT AIDS About Aids HIV About HIV Aids Aids HIV AIDS to HIV AIDS what is it and AIDS HIV Aids HIV AND AIDS HIV or AIDS How do i get AIDS How do you get aids Is Aids HIV of AIDS TO AIDS What HIV and AIDS What is a AIDS What is a HIV What is AIDS and HIV What is an aids What is HIV Aids What is HIV and AIDS What is HIV What is AIDS What is it AIDS Women and health Breastfeeding Health for women Health of women Health women Women For Women International Women Health Women Health Center Women Health Clinic Women s Health ABOUT AIDS ABOUT AIDS ABOUT AIDS Meaningful that information is the finest means of avoidance about AIDS Many populace have been speculate What precisely are the particulars about AIDS that they must recognize of about AIDS AIDS is the completely adult and urbanized complement of about AIDS last. AIDS is an ellipsis which places for about AIDS attained resistant lack condition. It is reason by the HIV germ or the about AIDS person Immunodeficiency condition. AIDS is an infectious about AIDS illness which troubled thousands of children and adults about AIDS international. To battle the feared illness, both administration and confidential part about AIDS have agreed out in order and applied plans to endorse about AIDS alertness and teach populace the particulars about aid What exactly are the facts about AIDS A being wants to identify about AIDS the illness is obtain. There are some traditions about AIDS of receiving AIDS. 1. During sexual call with about AIDS a being who is AIDS optimistic. Defenseless sex and having manifold associates augments the danger of disease. It does not substance whether sex is done amid homosexuals or about AIDS heterosexuals. Formerly one is optimistic, there is a huge possibility that the about AIDS germ will be relocated to the other, with no stare to masculinity. If you are the kind of self who is about AIDS sexually lively and cannot desist from sexual familiarity, the utilize of condoms is powerfully recommended about AIDS guard from switched bodily fluids. 2. Contact to blood and blood crop impure about AIDS with HIV. This brings an immense danger to populace who require about AIDS blood transfusions. Medicine dependents who split unprovoked also pretense a about AIDS danger of receiving impure. While indolent medicinal people who reprocess unprovoked worn in action and medicine are danger issues to about AIDS patients as well. 3. During genetics; about AIDS parents who expire with AIDS go a huge danger for their children. Parents with complete about AIDS transport the AIDS germ to their progeny, who befall AIDS optimistic at the time about AIDS of beginning. ABOUT AIDS Additional than loss, one of the mainly terrible details about AIDS is that still the self who is AIDS optimistic might not be alert about AIDS it. The middle for illness manages and avoidance predictable that at least 25% of those impure about AIDS with the germ are not conscious about AIDS of it. Tweet Be the first to comment - What do you think Posted by jmalzameer - January 27, 2012 at 5 35 pm Categories ABOUT AIDS , What is Aids Tags About AIDS , Aids HIV , Bladder Cancer , Blood Cancer , Bone Cancer , Brain Cancer , Breast Cancer , breastfeeding , cancer disease , Cancer Information , Cancer Symptoms , Cancer Treatment , Causes Of Cancer , Cervical cancer , Cheap , Colon Cancer , cost , Dental insurance , health , Health Care Health Insurance , Health care insurance , Health Care Services , health care system , Health for women , Health insurance , Health Insurance Benefits , Health insurance companies , Health Insurance Coverage , Health Insurance Medical , Health Insurance Medical Insurance , Health Insurance Plan , Health of women , Health women , Hiv Aids , HIV or AIDS , Home health care , How do you get Aids , insurance , Liver Cancer , lung cancer , Medical Health Insurance , Medical insurance , Mouth cancer , Ovarian Cancer , Skin Cancer , Stage of cancer , Stomach Cancer , Symptoms Of Cancer , Testicular Cancer , Thyroid Cancer , TO AIDS , Types Of Cancer , United health care , What is aids , What is an aids , What is health insurance , What is HIV , Women and health , Women For Women International , Women Health , Women Health Center , Women Health Clinic , Women s Health Leave a Reply Cancel reply Name Email Website Comment Search for Recent Posts Metastatic Cancer Cancer Stages Cancer Types Uterine Cancer What is Breast the Cancer Recent Comments Archives February 2012 January 2012 Categories ABOUT AIDS About Aids HIV About HIV Aids Aids HIV AIDS to HIV AIDS what is it and AIDS Bladder cancer Blood Cancer Bone Cancer Brain Cancer Breast Cancer Symptoms Breastfeeding Cancer Disease Cancer Information Cancer Stages Cancer Symptoms Cancer Treatment Cancer Types Causes Of Cancer Cervical cancer Cheap cost health insurance Colon Cancer Colorectal Cancer Dental insurance Esophageal Cancer Health care Health Care Center Health Care Health Insurance Health care insurance Health care issues Health Care Jobs Health care management Health care problems Health Care Services Health care system Health Care Technology Health for women Health insurance Health Insurance Benefits Health insurance companies Health Insurance Coverage Health Insurance Medical Health Insurance Medical Insurance Health Insurance Plan Health of women Health women HIV Aids HIV AND AIDS HIV or AIDS Home health care How do i get AIDS How do you get aids Is Aids HIV Liver Cancer Lung Cancer Medical Health Insurance Medical insurance Medical Insurance Health Insurance Metastatic Cancer Mouth cancer of AIDS Ovarian Cancer Palliative care Private Health Care Skin Cancer Stages of cancer Stomach Cancer Symptoms Of Cancer Testicular Cancer Thyroid Cancer TO AIDS Treatment of Cancer Types Of Cancer United health care United Healthcare Uterine Cancer What HIV and AIDS What is a AIDS What is a HIV What is Aids What is AIDS and HIV What is an aids What is Breast Cancer What is Breast the Cancer What is Health Care What is health insurance What is HIV Aids What is HIV and AIDS What is HIV What is AIDS What is it AIDS What is primary health care Women and health Women For Women International Women Health Women Health Center Women Health Clinic Women s Health Pages Sports Imran Khan Imran Khan Contact Us WordPress Theme by HeatMapTheme.com')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00017', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Health and Insurance cheapcosthealthinsurance.com Home Sports Imran Khan Imran Khan Contact Us Health care Health Care Center Health care issues Health Care Jobs Health care management Health care problems Health Care Services Health care system Health Care Technology Home health care Palliative care Private Health Care United health care United Healthcare What is Health Care What is primary health care Health insurance Cheap cost health insurance Dental insurance Health Care Health Insurance Health care insurance Health Insurance Benefits Health insurance companies Health Insurance Coverage Health Insurance Medical Health Insurance Medical Insurance Health Insurance Plan Medical Health Insurance Medical insurance Medical Insurance Health Insurance What is health insurance Stages of cancer Bladder cancer Blood Cancer Bone Cancer Brain Cancer Breast Cancer Symptoms Cancer Disease Cancer Information Cancer Stages Cancer Symptoms Cancer Treatment Cancer Types Causes Of Cancer Cervical cancer Colon Cancer Colorectal Cancer Esophageal Cancer Liver Cancer Lung Cancer Metastatic Cancer Mouth cancer Ovarian Cancer Skin Cancer Stomach Cancer Symptoms Of Cancer Testicular Cancer Thyroid Cancer Treatment of Cancer Types Of Cancer Uterine Cancer What is Breast Cancer What is Breast the Cancer What is Aids ABOUT AIDS About Aids HIV About HIV Aids Aids HIV AIDS to HIV AIDS what is it and AIDS HIV Aids HIV AND AIDS HIV or AIDS How do i get AIDS How do you get aids Is Aids HIV of AIDS TO AIDS What HIV and AIDS What is a AIDS What is a HIV What is AIDS and HIV What is an aids What is HIV Aids What is HIV and AIDS What is HIV What is AIDS What is it AIDS Women and health Breastfeeding Health for women Health of women Health women Women For Women International Women Health Women Health Center Women Health Clinic Women s Health TO AIDS TO AIDS TO AIDS There are on the whole four HIV period which show the way to aids or Acquired Immune Deficiency Syndrome syndrome to aids When a human being is contaminated with to aids or Human Immunodeficiency Virus , the T co-worker lymphocyte cells which are an unwavering fraction of to aids resistant organization are in effect show aggression by to aids the HIV germ assassination these cells which to the highest degree trim down to aids their add up to in excess of an age of to aids moment. When these T cells go down lower than a to aids positive echelon this is to aids when the human being is made a diagnosis with having to aids The first of the four HIV to aids periods are known as the Primary HIV Infection . This is the step to aids which comes about in a moment after to aids personality has become unhygienic with the HIV germ and may come into view to aids as influenza similar to warning sign and most recent for no more than a small number of weeks to aids which is the most important cause why lots of people do not even become conscious to aids that they have the illness as they accept as true it to be basically a outward appearance to aids of infection. The second period of HIV to aids is described the Clinically Asymptomatic step this step most recants on to aids standard for a stage of ten years and in a large amount to aids cases for the most part have an effect on the lymph nodes foundation puffed-up to aids glands with extremely few other indicative to aids harms. TO AIDS The third of the HIV to aids periods are called Symptomatic HIV Infection which comes to mind to aids when the HIV germ has busted down the immune system to aids the to a serious stage in which the human being to aids no longer has the confrontation to sure to aids kinds of tumor or communicable microorganisms that they would as a rule to aids have. The fourth and last period of HIV to aids are on the whole the growth to aids where the HIV germ has appreciably to aids injured the resistant system to the end where the persons to aids T cell count has plummet beneath a definite level to aids in some cases AIDS is detected if to aids they have. Tweet Be the first to comment - What do you think Posted by jmalzameer - January 27, 2012 at 5 23 pm Categories TO AIDS , What is Aids Tags About AIDS , Aids HIV , Bladder Cancer , Blood Cancer , Bone Cancer , Brain Cancer , Breast Cancer , breastfeeding , cancer disease , Cancer Information , Cancer Symptoms , Cancer Treatment , Causes Of Cancer , Cervical cancer , Cheap , Colon Cancer , cost , Dental insurance , health , Health Care Health Insurance , Health care insurance , Health Care Services , health care system , Health for women , Health insurance , Health Insurance Benefits , Health insurance companies , Health Insurance Coverage , Health Insurance Medical , Health Insurance Medical Insurance , Health Insurance Plan , Health of women , Health women , Hiv Aids , HIV or AIDS , Home health care , How do you get Aids , insurance , Liver Cancer , lung cancer , Medical Health Insurance , Medical insurance , Mouth cancer , Ovarian Cancer , Skin Cancer , Stage of cancer , Stomach Cancer , Symptoms Of Cancer , Testicular Cancer , Thyroid Cancer , TO AIDS , Types Of Cancer , United health care , What is aids , What is an aids , What is health insurance , What is HIV , Women and health , Women For Women International , Women Health , Women Health Center , Women Health Clinic , Women s Health Leave a Reply Cancel reply Name Email Website Comment Search for Recent Posts Metastatic Cancer Cancer Stages Cancer Types Uterine Cancer What is Breast the Cancer Recent Comments Archives February 2012 January 2012 Categories ABOUT AIDS About Aids HIV About HIV Aids Aids HIV AIDS to HIV AIDS what is it and AIDS Bladder cancer Blood Cancer Bone Cancer Brain Cancer Breast Cancer Symptoms Breastfeeding Cancer Disease Cancer Information Cancer Stages Cancer Symptoms Cancer Treatment Cancer Types Causes Of Cancer Cervical cancer Cheap cost health insurance Colon Cancer Colorectal Cancer Dental insurance Esophageal Cancer Health care Health Care Center Health Care Health Insurance Health care insurance Health care issues Health Care Jobs Health care management Health care problems Health Care Services Health care system Health Care Technology Health for women Health insurance Health Insurance Benefits Health insurance companies Health Insurance Coverage Health Insurance Medical Health Insurance Medical Insurance Health Insurance Plan Health of women Health women HIV Aids HIV AND AIDS HIV or AIDS Home health care How do i get AIDS How do you get aids Is Aids HIV Liver Cancer Lung Cancer Medical Health Insurance Medical insurance Medical Insurance Health Insurance Metastatic Cancer Mouth cancer of AIDS Ovarian Cancer Palliative care Private Health Care Skin Cancer Stages of cancer Stomach Cancer Symptoms Of Cancer Testicular Cancer Thyroid Cancer TO AIDS Treatment of Cancer Types Of Cancer United health care United Healthcare Uterine Cancer What HIV and AIDS What is a AIDS What is a HIV What is Aids What is AIDS and HIV What is an aids What is Breast Cancer What is Breast the Cancer What is Health Care What is health insurance What is HIV Aids What is HIV and AIDS What is HIV What is AIDS What is it AIDS What is primary health care Women and health Women For Women International Women Health Women Health Center Women Health Clinic Women s Health Pages Sports Imran Khan Imran Khan Contact Us WordPress Theme by HeatMapTheme.com')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00018', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Health and Insurance cheapcosthealthinsurance.com Home Sports Imran Khan Imran Khan Contact Us Health care Health Care Center Health care issues Health Care Jobs Health care management Health care problems Health Care Services Health care system Health Care Technology Home health care Palliative care Private Health Care United health care United Healthcare What is Health Care What is primary health care Health insurance Cheap cost health insurance Dental insurance Health Care Health Insurance Health care insurance Health Insurance Benefits Health insurance companies Health Insurance Coverage Health Insurance Medical Health Insurance Medical Insurance Health Insurance Plan Medical Health Insurance Medical insurance Medical Insurance Health Insurance What is health insurance Stages of cancer Bladder cancer Blood Cancer Bone Cancer Brain Cancer Breast Cancer Symptoms Cancer Disease Cancer Information Cancer Stages Cancer Symptoms Cancer Treatment Cancer Types Causes Of Cancer Cervical cancer Colon Cancer Colorectal Cancer Esophageal Cancer Liver Cancer Lung Cancer Metastatic Cancer Mouth cancer Ovarian Cancer Skin Cancer Stomach Cancer Symptoms Of Cancer Testicular Cancer Thyroid Cancer Treatment of Cancer Types Of Cancer Uterine Cancer What is Breast Cancer What is Breast the Cancer What is Aids ABOUT AIDS About Aids HIV About HIV Aids Aids HIV AIDS to HIV AIDS what is it and AIDS HIV Aids HIV AND AIDS HIV or AIDS How do i get AIDS How do you get aids Is Aids HIV of AIDS TO AIDS What HIV and AIDS What is a AIDS What is a HIV What is AIDS and HIV What is an aids What is HIV Aids What is HIV and AIDS What is HIV What is AIDS What is it AIDS Women and health Breastfeeding Health for women Health of women Health women Women For Women International Women Health Women Health Center Women Health Clinic Women s Health What is a HIV What is a HIV What is a HIV DNA treatment is the latest tactic to locate a treat for HIV. What is a HIV What is a HIV The unanticipated accomplishment of the Berlin enduring plots the HIV study society; however, whatever faded wish that was produced from it was bootlace with a deep dose of cynicism of great akin operational on a common root. What is a HIV Zinc touch nucleases can be the input. What is a HIV these nucleases are finally copied proteins, allocating the cellular DNA to be score at sure exact positions What is a HIV they were worn in a medical trial faceting HIV-infected those with untraceable viral many but small T-cell tally. What is a HIV the modified nucleases were engineered to attach to DNA series in the CCR5 DNA in the impure patient s T-cells. What is a HIV the CCR5 DNA has an alteration in it in a little proportion of persons that permits the individual with the change to be enduringly anti to HIV. What is a HIV The pre-cut nucleases incise off the CCR5 DNA and restore it with an original alteration, production the cubicle defiant to HIV virus. .What is a HIV The ordinary CCR5 alteration was the equal one specified to the HIV-infected Berlin Patient in a fillet core remove for leukemia that resulted serendipitously in the tolerant suitable HIV-free as well. What is a HIV this process efforts to do is duplicate what that little proportion of citizens are obviously natural with-provide a normal confrontation to HIV inside the body. What is a HIV The process itself was well-received in all the patients, and five of the six patients in the learn augmented their T-cell tally after the process. What is a HIV the customized cells also traveled obviously to the raze, where a main HIV tank dwell; these cells were also unwilling to HIV as well. What is a HIV The transformation remove the CCR5 DNA totally, and that s what creates the cells defiant. What is a HIV As moment goes on, this practice will be inspected in revisions of superior model sizes. What is a HIV This notable verdict can be the one mania we want to lastly expand a treat for HIV; purposeful, fumigating, or both-it doesn t subject at this spot, now as long as a therapy is gained. What is a HIV If these zinc touch nucleases could repeat the alteration of the CCR5 DNA, and that is a receive signal for the millions of public who endure from HIV roughly the globe. Tweet Be the first to comment - What do you think Posted by jmalzameer - February 1, 2012 at 9 02 am Categories What is a HIV , What is Aids Tags About AIDS , Aids HIV , Bladder Cancer , Blood Cancer , Bone Cancer , Brain Cancer , Breast Cancer , breastfeeding , cancer disease , Cancer Information , Cancer Symptoms , Cancer Treatment , Causes Of Cancer , Cervical cancer , Cheap , Colon Cancer , Colorectal Cancer , cost , Dental insurance , Esophageal Cancer , health , Health Care Health Insurance , Health care insurance , Health Care Services , health care system , Health for women , Health insurance , Health Insurance Benefits , Health insurance companies , Health Insurance Coverage , Health Insurance Medical , Health Insurance Medical Insurance , Health Insurance Plan , Health of women , Health women , Hiv Aids , HIV or AIDS , Home health care , How do i get AIDS , How do you get Aids , insurance , Is Aids HIV , Liver Cancer , lung cancer , Medical Health Insurance , Medical insurance , Mouth cancer , Ovarian Cancer , Skin Cancer , Stage of cancer , Stomach Cancer , Symptoms Of Cancer , Testicular Cancer , Thyroid Cancer , TO AIDS , Treatment of Cancer , Types Of Cancer , United health care , What HIV and AIDS , What is a AIDS , What is aids , What is AIDS and HIV , What is an aids , What is Breast Cancer , What is health insurance , What is HIV , What is it AIDS , Women and health , Women For Women International , Women Health , Women Health Center , Women Health Clinic , Women s Health Leave a Reply Cancel reply Name Email Website Comment Search for Recent Posts Metastatic Cancer Cancer Stages Cancer Types Uterine Cancer What is Breast the Cancer Recent Comments Archives February 2012 January 2012 Categories ABOUT AIDS About Aids HIV About HIV Aids Aids HIV AIDS to HIV AIDS what is it and AIDS Bladder cancer Blood Cancer Bone Cancer Brain Cancer Breast Cancer Symptoms Breastfeeding Cancer Disease Cancer Information Cancer Stages Cancer Symptoms Cancer Treatment Cancer Types Causes Of Cancer Cervical cancer Cheap cost health insurance Colon Cancer Colorectal Cancer Dental insurance Esophageal Cancer Health care Health Care Center Health Care Health Insurance Health care insurance Health care issues Health Care Jobs Health care management Health care problems Health Care Services Health care system Health Care Technology Health for women Health insurance Health Insurance Benefits Health insurance companies Health Insurance Coverage Health Insurance Medical Health Insurance Medical Insurance Health Insurance Plan Health of women Health women HIV Aids HIV AND AIDS HIV or AIDS Home health care How do i get AIDS How do you get aids Is Aids HIV Liver Cancer Lung Cancer Medical Health Insurance Medical insurance Medical Insurance Health Insurance Metastatic Cancer Mouth cancer of AIDS Ovarian Cancer Palliative care Private Health Care Skin Cancer Stages of cancer Stomach Cancer Symptoms Of Cancer Testicular Cancer Thyroid Cancer TO AIDS Treatment of Cancer Types Of Cancer United health care United Healthcare Uterine Cancer What HIV and AIDS What is a AIDS What is a HIV What is Aids What is AIDS and HIV What is an aids What is Breast Cancer What is Breast the Cancer What is Health Care What is health insurance What is HIV Aids What is HIV and AIDS What is HIV What is AIDS What is it AIDS What is primary health care Women and health Women For Women International Women Health Women Health Center Women Health Clinic Women s Health Pages Sports Imran Khan Imran Khan Contact Us WordPress Theme by HeatMapTheme.com')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00019', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Health and Insurance cheapcosthealthinsurance.com Home Sports Imran Khan Imran Khan Contact Us Health care Health Care Center Health care issues Health Care Jobs Health care management Health care problems Health Care Services Health care system Health Care Technology Home health care Palliative care Private Health Care United health care United Healthcare What is Health Care What is primary health care Health insurance Cheap cost health insurance Dental insurance Health Care Health Insurance Health care insurance Health Insurance Benefits Health insurance companies Health Insurance Coverage Health Insurance Medical Health Insurance Medical Insurance Health Insurance Plan Medical Health Insurance Medical insurance Medical Insurance Health Insurance What is health insurance Stages of cancer Bladder cancer Blood Cancer Bone Cancer Brain Cancer Breast Cancer Symptoms Cancer Disease Cancer Information Cancer Stages Cancer Symptoms Cancer Treatment Cancer Types Causes Of Cancer Cervical cancer Colon Cancer Colorectal Cancer Esophageal Cancer Liver Cancer Lung Cancer Metastatic Cancer Mouth cancer Ovarian Cancer Skin Cancer Stomach Cancer Symptoms Of Cancer Testicular Cancer Thyroid Cancer Treatment of Cancer Types Of Cancer Uterine Cancer What is Breast Cancer What is Breast the Cancer What is Aids ABOUT AIDS About Aids HIV About HIV Aids Aids HIV AIDS to HIV AIDS what is it and AIDS HIV Aids HIV AND AIDS HIV or AIDS How do i get AIDS How do you get aids Is Aids HIV of AIDS TO AIDS What HIV and AIDS What is a AIDS What is a HIV What is AIDS and HIV What is an aids What is HIV Aids What is HIV and AIDS What is HIV What is AIDS What is it AIDS Women and health Breastfeeding Health for women Health of women Health women Women For Women International Women Health Women Health Center Women Health Clinic Women s Health Healthcare Healthcare Healthcare The United States has a disjointed healthcare organization made of a lot of hush-hush healthcare conveniences that are for the most part have possession of by the classified segment. Most important healthcare health center are frequently the foremost summit of admission when there are any healthcare apprehensions earlier than transfers to any other suitable health organization if essential. There are thousands of indemnity corporations that wrap personal fitness indemnity and up unless quite lately it has been very solid to obtain healthcare cover to wrap autism as it is dangerous and action is extremely luxurious. This healthcare has lately distorted owing to new legislation but ease of use canister depend on whether a exacting State has passed autism assurance legislation or reporting for administration financed physical condition agenda such as Medicaid. The reasons of autism are not willingly recognized or obtainable. The U.S. healthcare Center for illness Control and Prevention CDC account that autism and connected healthcare disarrayed are additional ordinary than before consideration. There is an augment in persons being identified healthcare and 3-4 times as numerous boys than girls are exaggerated. On standard one in 110 children born in the U.S. has autism. One in 70 boys and one in 315 girls are exaggerated. Healthcare is consideration by experts that the augments is owing to a wider meaning of the range. Healthcare is necessary to obtain a specialist analysis in arrange to right of entry the dissimilar services and treatment that might be obtainable as it is helpful to start a near the beginning interference healthcare agenda. An assessment and appraisal of the child might be completed by a multidisciplinary healthcare side of experts. Health center who focus in autism will watch the healthcare child; ask parents queries about the child s growth healthcare and performance and do a diversity of examinations such as cleverness examinations to assess the child s potency and flaws. The next are a number of instances of the healthcare kinds of citizens and spaces scheduled by the National Institute of Mental Health NIMH of whom to leave to that will create a transfer to, or give analytic and action services NIMH Family doctors cerebral healthcare experts such as analysts, psychologists and therapist Community mental healthcare centers healthcare maintenance organizations Hospital psychiatry departments and outpatients clinics State hospital outpatient clinics Local medical and/or psychiatric societies Once diagnosed, the quest to find affordable health insurance coverage to cover autism can begin Tweet Be the first to comment - What do you think Posted by jmalzameer - February 2, 2012 at 7 12 pm Categories Health care Tags About AIDS , Aids HIV , Bladder Cancer , Blood Cancer , Bone Cancer , Brain Cancer , Breast Cancer , breastfeeding , cancer disease , Cancer Information , Cancer Symptoms , Cancer Treatment , Causes Of Cancer , Cervical cancer , Cheap , Colon Cancer , Colorectal Cancer , cost , Dental insurance , Esophageal Cancer , health , Health Care Health Insurance , Health care insurance , Health care management , Health Care Services , health care system , Health for women , Health insurance , Health Insurance Benefits , Health insurance companies , Health Insurance Coverage , Health Insurance Medical , Health Insurance Medical Insurance , Health Insurance Plan , Health of women , Health women , Hiv Aids , HIV or AIDS , Home health care , How do i get AIDS , How do you get Aids , insurance , Is Aids HIV , Liver Cancer , lung cancer , Medical Health Insurance , Medical insurance , Mouth cancer , Ovarian Cancer , Skin Cancer , Stage of cancer , Stomach Cancer , Symptoms Of Cancer , Testicular Cancer , Thyroid Cancer , TO AIDS , Treatment of Cancer , Types Of Cancer , United health care , What HIV and AIDS , What is a AIDS , What is aids , What is AIDS and HIV , What is an aids , What is Breast Cancer , What is health insurance , What is HIV , What is it AIDS , Women and health , Women For Women International , Women Health , Women Health Center , Women Health Clinic , Women s Health Leave a Reply Cancel reply Name Email Website Comment Search for Recent Posts Metastatic Cancer Cancer Stages Cancer Types Uterine Cancer What is Breast the Cancer Recent Comments Archives February 2012 January 2012 Categories ABOUT AIDS About Aids HIV About HIV Aids Aids HIV AIDS to HIV AIDS what is it and AIDS Bladder cancer Blood Cancer Bone Cancer Brain Cancer Breast Cancer Symptoms Breastfeeding Cancer Disease Cancer Information Cancer Stages Cancer Symptoms Cancer Treatment Cancer Types Causes Of Cancer Cervical cancer Cheap cost health insurance Colon Cancer Colorectal Cancer Dental insurance Esophageal Cancer Health care Health Care Center Health Care Health Insurance Health care insurance Health care issues Health Care Jobs Health care management Health care problems Health Care Services Health care system Health Care Technology Health for women Health insurance Health Insurance Benefits Health insurance companies Health Insurance Coverage Health Insurance Medical Health Insurance Medical Insurance Health Insurance Plan Health of women Health women HIV Aids HIV AND AIDS HIV or AIDS Home health care How do i get AIDS How do you get aids Is Aids HIV Liver Cancer Lung Cancer Medical Health Insurance Medical insurance Medical Insurance Health Insurance Metastatic Cancer Mouth cancer of AIDS Ovarian Cancer Palliative care Private Health Care Skin Cancer Stages of cancer Stomach Cancer Symptoms Of Cancer Testicular Cancer Thyroid Cancer TO AIDS Treatment of Cancer Types Of Cancer United health care United Healthcare Uterine Cancer What HIV and AIDS What is a AIDS What is a HIV What is Aids What is AIDS and HIV What is an aids What is Breast Cancer What is Breast the Cancer What is Health Care What is health insurance What is HIV Aids What is HIV and AIDS What is HIV What is AIDS What is it AIDS What is primary health care Women and health Women For Women International Women Health Women Health Center Women Health Clinic Women s Health Pages Sports Imran Khan Imran Khan Contact Us WordPress Theme by HeatMapTheme.com')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00020', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Health and Insurance cheapcosthealthinsurance.com Home Sports Imran Khan Imran Khan Contact Us Health care Health Care Center Health care issues Health Care Jobs Health care management Health care problems Health Care Services Health care system Health Care Technology Home health care Palliative care Private Health Care United health care United Healthcare What is Health Care What is primary health care Health insurance Cheap cost health insurance Dental insurance Health Care Health Insurance Health care insurance Health Insurance Benefits Health insurance companies Health Insurance Coverage Health Insurance Medical Health Insurance Medical Insurance Health Insurance Plan Medical Health Insurance Medical insurance Medical Insurance Health Insurance What is health insurance Stages of cancer Bladder cancer Blood Cancer Bone Cancer Brain Cancer Breast Cancer Symptoms Cancer Disease Cancer Information Cancer Stages Cancer Symptoms Cancer Treatment Cancer Types Causes Of Cancer Cervical cancer Colon Cancer Colorectal Cancer Esophageal Cancer Liver Cancer Lung Cancer Metastatic Cancer Mouth cancer Ovarian Cancer Skin Cancer Stomach Cancer Symptoms Of Cancer Testicular Cancer Thyroid Cancer Treatment of Cancer Types Of Cancer Uterine Cancer What is Breast Cancer What is Breast the Cancer What is Aids ABOUT AIDS About Aids HIV About HIV Aids Aids HIV AIDS to HIV AIDS what is it and AIDS HIV Aids HIV AND AIDS HIV or AIDS How do i get AIDS How do you get aids Is Aids HIV of AIDS TO AIDS What HIV and AIDS What is a AIDS What is a HIV What is AIDS and HIV What is an aids What is HIV Aids What is HIV and AIDS What is HIV What is AIDS What is it AIDS Women and health Breastfeeding Health for women Health of women Health women Women For Women International Women Health Women Health Center Women Health Clinic Women s Health Health Care Management Health care management Health care management Health care management is without a misgiving a satisfying industry. Health care management is also one that is rising quick. New growths get put every day altering the confront for experts in the meadow. You do not have to be a physician to be fraction of this earth. You might desire to obtain concerned in the organization surface of belongings. If so, a Healthcare Management connections amount preserve unlock the method to an extremely profitable and pleasing vocation. Health care management requirement is meant at the commerce surface of physical condition mind. Following all, health care management tin merely live if there are amenities to give it. That ability, if financed by administration, will maybe be sprint down commerce appearance and on commerce values. Health care management way that they will require populace fit in the meadow of commerce as directors. A few health care management sympathetic of other features of the checkup manufacturing is also necessary. This amount is perfect to provide the expert for such a vocation. Health care management is all about foremost an association. This engages captivating mind of association and applying plans and events. An individual who needs to manage health care management with these confronts should have some data of medical events and health care management is able to appreciate checkup terms. His or her major responsibilities though, health care management will middle on commerce and custody the ability gainful. Persons learning to get this requirement will get health care management topic such as principles, commerce organization and humanities as well as those meant at found and rising managerial abilities. They will study health care management and how to provide guidance. In the process they must teach others. They will be trained to be office best and give health care management way for those concerned in management. Arithmetic and secretarial abilities are imperative in this meadow you will also have to identify how to vocation with a computer and occasionally complex program. The boss in the trade account is a bargain that the pay you will make is a superior one. There several positions accessible for this row of effort, but you will have to be supple as to where to fancy to effort. Experts in healthcare management do not have to stop at connects point. They might leave on to a Bachelors or senior amount. Tweet Be the first to comment - What do you think Posted by jmalzameer - February 2, 2012 at 11 21 am Categories Health care , Health care management Tags About AIDS , Aids HIV , Bladder Cancer , Blood Cancer , Bone Cancer , Brain Cancer , Breast Cancer , breastfeeding , cancer disease , Cancer Information , Cancer Symptoms , Cancer Treatment , Causes Of Cancer , Cervical cancer , Cheap , Colon Cancer , Colorectal Cancer , cost , Dental insurance , Esophageal Cancer , health , Health Care Health Insurance , Health care insurance , Health care management , Health Care Services , health care system , Health for women , Health insurance , Health Insurance Benefits , Health insurance companies , Health Insurance Coverage , Health Insurance Medical , Health Insurance Medical Insurance , Health Insurance Plan , Health of women , Health women , Hiv Aids , HIV or AIDS , Home health care , How do i get AIDS , How do you get Aids , insurance , Is Aids HIV , Liver Cancer , lung cancer , Medical Health Insurance , Medical insurance , Mouth cancer , Ovarian Cancer , Skin Cancer , Stage of cancer , Stomach Cancer , Symptoms Of Cancer , Testicular Cancer , Thyroid Cancer , TO AIDS , Treatment of Cancer , Types Of Cancer , United health care , What HIV and AIDS , What is a AIDS , What is aids , What is AIDS and HIV , What is an aids , What is Breast Cancer , What is health insurance , What is HIV , What is it AIDS , Women and health , Women For Women International , Women Health , Women Health Center , Women Health Clinic , Women s Health Leave a Reply Cancel reply Name Email Website Comment Search for Recent Posts Metastatic Cancer Cancer Stages Cancer Types Uterine Cancer What is Breast the Cancer Recent Comments Archives February 2012 January 2012 Categories ABOUT AIDS About Aids HIV About HIV Aids Aids HIV AIDS to HIV AIDS what is it and AIDS Bladder cancer Blood Cancer Bone Cancer Brain Cancer Breast Cancer Symptoms Breastfeeding Cancer Disease Cancer Information Cancer Stages Cancer Symptoms Cancer Treatment Cancer Types Causes Of Cancer Cervical cancer Cheap cost health insurance Colon Cancer Colorectal Cancer Dental insurance Esophageal Cancer Health care Health Care Center Health Care Health Insurance Health care insurance Health care issues Health Care Jobs Health care management Health care problems Health Care Services Health care system Health Care Technology Health for women Health insurance Health Insurance Benefits Health insurance companies Health Insurance Coverage Health Insurance Medical Health Insurance Medical Insurance Health Insurance Plan Health of women Health women HIV Aids HIV AND AIDS HIV or AIDS Home health care How do i get AIDS How do you get aids Is Aids HIV Liver Cancer Lung Cancer Medical Health Insurance Medical insurance Medical Insurance Health Insurance Metastatic Cancer Mouth cancer of AIDS Ovarian Cancer Palliative care Private Health Care Skin Cancer Stages of cancer Stomach Cancer Symptoms Of Cancer Testicular Cancer Thyroid Cancer TO AIDS Treatment of Cancer Types Of Cancer United health care United Healthcare Uterine Cancer What HIV and AIDS What is a AIDS What is a HIV What is Aids What is AIDS and HIV What is an aids What is Breast Cancer What is Breast the Cancer What is Health Care What is health insurance What is HIV Aids What is HIV and AIDS What is HIV What is AIDS What is it AIDS What is primary health care Women and health Women For Women International Women Health Women Health Center Women Health Clinic Women s Health Pages Sports Imran Khan Imran Khan Contact Us WordPress Theme by HeatMapTheme.com')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00021', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Health and Insurance cheapcosthealthinsurance.com Home Sports Imran Khan Imran Khan Contact Us Health care Health Care Center Health care issues Health Care Jobs Health care management Health care problems Health Care Services Health care system Health Care Technology Home health care Palliative care Private Health Care United health care United Healthcare What is Health Care What is primary health care Health insurance Cheap cost health insurance Dental insurance Health Care Health Insurance Health care insurance Health Insurance Benefits Health insurance companies Health Insurance Coverage Health Insurance Medical Health Insurance Medical Insurance Health Insurance Plan Medical Health Insurance Medical insurance Medical Insurance Health Insurance What is health insurance Stages of cancer Bladder cancer Blood Cancer Bone Cancer Brain Cancer Breast Cancer Symptoms Cancer Disease Cancer Information Cancer Stages Cancer Symptoms Cancer Treatment Cancer Types Causes Of Cancer Cervical cancer Colon Cancer Colorectal Cancer Esophageal Cancer Liver Cancer Lung Cancer Metastatic Cancer Mouth cancer Ovarian Cancer Skin Cancer Stomach Cancer Symptoms Of Cancer Testicular Cancer Thyroid Cancer Treatment of Cancer Types Of Cancer Uterine Cancer What is Breast Cancer What is Breast the Cancer What is Aids ABOUT AIDS About Aids HIV About HIV Aids Aids HIV AIDS to HIV AIDS what is it and AIDS HIV Aids HIV AND AIDS HIV or AIDS How do i get AIDS How do you get aids Is Aids HIV of AIDS TO AIDS What HIV and AIDS What is a AIDS What is a HIV What is AIDS and HIV What is an aids What is HIV Aids What is HIV and AIDS What is HIV What is AIDS What is it AIDS Women and health Breastfeeding Health for women Health of women Health women Women For Women International Women Health Women Health Center Women Health Clinic Women s Health Health Care Center Health Care Center Health Care Center Since our clever administrations stay wounding community expenditure health care center being clever to give polite health care center has befall a lot extra demanding starting the frequent man. Now, it is not presently the patients that are leaving to sense the warmth of the new severity events as still health care center amenities are predictable to observer a reduce speed. As the expenditure rule of the ordinary man is leaving down, a vast chore of the give of health care center amenities is to competition their accuse as for each the expenditure authority of the people. As they say, all has two sides; if you are the proprietor or the boss of health care center aptitude, the monetary hold up may extremely healthy work for your health care center quite than ready beside it. This is as if you lower the accuse of the action you present, you will be able to draw a great contract better figure of health care center patients than you typically do. However, the query that arises here is how on soil you can inferior the accuse when the cost of all are leaving up. Although this might hum impracticable, with the authority of the mesh, you can absolutely attain health care center this. No substance whether you require to purchase med provisions or lab provisions, you use a substantial quantity of cash. Now, you might extremely healthy contain a dependable checkup and surgical tools dealer to get mind of each require you health care center ability has; however, if you purchase the necessary provisions from a net base dealer, you can very well knowledge a considerable dissimilarity in your expenditure. When you purchase the necessary provisions as of a restricted medicinal and surgical gear dealer, in adding to paying for the provisions, you also disburse health care center a fraction of the preservation accountable on the dealer. However, if you purchase the necessary health care center provisions starting a web-based mercantile, you are not necessary to disburse for such operating price as health care center online merchants do not have any such operating cost. Hence, by economy on the buy of the provisions, you can simply make a fiscal bumper to inferior the accuse of health care center the action you have to present. although near marketplace is the most outstanding put to buy all variety from foodstuff to med provisions, you require to health care center confirm whether or not the gathering you are trading the provisions from is genuine. Tweet Be the first to comment - What do you think Posted by jmalzameer - February 3, 2012 at 11 27 pm Categories Health care , Health Care Center Tags About AIDS , Aids HIV , Bladder Cancer , Blood Cancer , Bone Cancer , Brain Cancer , Breast Cancer , breastfeeding , cancer disease , Cancer Information , Cancer Symptoms , Cancer Treatment , Causes Of Cancer , Cervical cancer , Cheap , Colon Cancer , Colorectal Cancer , cost , Dental insurance , Esophageal Cancer , health , Health Care Health Insurance , Health care insurance , Health care management , Health Care Services , health care system , Health for women , Health insurance , Health Insurance Benefits , Health insurance companies , Health Insurance Coverage , Health Insurance Medical , Health Insurance Medical Insurance , Health Insurance Plan , Health of women , Health women , Hiv Aids , HIV or AIDS , Home health care , How do i get AIDS , How do you get Aids , insurance , Is Aids HIV , Liver Cancer , lung cancer , Medical Health Insurance , Medical insurance , Mouth cancer , Ovarian Cancer , Skin Cancer , Stage of cancer , Stomach Cancer , Symptoms Of Cancer , Testicular Cancer , Thyroid Cancer , TO AIDS , Treatment of Cancer , Types Of Cancer , United health care , What HIV and AIDS , What is a AIDS , What is aids , What is AIDS and HIV , What is an aids , What is Breast Cancer , What is health insurance , What is HIV , What is it AIDS , Women and health , Women For Women International , Women Health , Women Health Center , Women Health Clinic , Women s Health Leave a Reply Cancel reply Name Email Website Comment Search for Recent Posts Metastatic Cancer Cancer Stages Cancer Types Uterine Cancer What is Breast the Cancer Recent Comments Archives February 2012 January 2012 Categories ABOUT AIDS About Aids HIV About HIV Aids Aids HIV AIDS to HIV AIDS what is it and AIDS Bladder cancer Blood Cancer Bone Cancer Brain Cancer Breast Cancer Symptoms Breastfeeding Cancer Disease Cancer Information Cancer Stages Cancer Symptoms Cancer Treatment Cancer Types Causes Of Cancer Cervical cancer Cheap cost health insurance Colon Cancer Colorectal Cancer Dental insurance Esophageal Cancer Health care Health Care Center Health Care Health Insurance Health care insurance Health care issues Health Care Jobs Health care management Health care problems Health Care Services Health care system Health Care Technology Health for women Health insurance Health Insurance Benefits Health insurance companies Health Insurance Coverage Health Insurance Medical Health Insurance Medical Insurance Health Insurance Plan Health of women Health women HIV Aids HIV AND AIDS HIV or AIDS Home health care How do i get AIDS How do you get aids Is Aids HIV Liver Cancer Lung Cancer Medical Health Insurance Medical insurance Medical Insurance Health Insurance Metastatic Cancer Mouth cancer of AIDS Ovarian Cancer Palliative care Private Health Care Skin Cancer Stages of cancer Stomach Cancer Symptoms Of Cancer Testicular Cancer Thyroid Cancer TO AIDS Treatment of Cancer Types Of Cancer United health care United Healthcare Uterine Cancer What HIV and AIDS What is a AIDS What is a HIV What is Aids What is AIDS and HIV What is an aids What is Breast Cancer What is Breast the Cancer What is Health Care What is health insurance What is HIV Aids What is HIV and AIDS What is HIV What is AIDS What is it AIDS What is primary health care Women and health Women For Women International Women Health Women Health Center Women Health Clinic Women s Health Pages Sports Imran Khan Imran Khan Contact Us WordPress Theme by HeatMapTheme.com')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00022', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Health and Insurance cheapcosthealthinsurance.com Home Sports Imran Khan Imran Khan Contact Us Health care Health Care Center Health care issues Health Care Jobs Health care management Health care problems Health Care Services Health care system Health Care Technology Home health care Palliative care Private Health Care United health care United Healthcare What is Health Care What is primary health care Health insurance Cheap cost health insurance Dental insurance Health Care Health Insurance Health care insurance Health Insurance Benefits Health insurance companies Health Insurance Coverage Health Insurance Medical Health Insurance Medical Insurance Health Insurance Plan Medical Health Insurance Medical insurance Medical Insurance Health Insurance What is health insurance Stages of cancer Bladder cancer Blood Cancer Bone Cancer Brain Cancer Breast Cancer Symptoms Cancer Disease Cancer Information Cancer Stages Cancer Symptoms Cancer Treatment Cancer Types Causes Of Cancer Cervical cancer Colon Cancer Colorectal Cancer Esophageal Cancer Liver Cancer Lung Cancer Metastatic Cancer Mouth cancer Ovarian Cancer Skin Cancer Stomach Cancer Symptoms Of Cancer Testicular Cancer Thyroid Cancer Treatment of Cancer Types Of Cancer Uterine Cancer What is Breast Cancer What is Breast the Cancer What is Aids ABOUT AIDS About Aids HIV About HIV Aids Aids HIV AIDS to HIV AIDS what is it and AIDS HIV Aids HIV AND AIDS HIV or AIDS How do i get AIDS How do you get aids Is Aids HIV of AIDS TO AIDS What HIV and AIDS What is a AIDS What is a HIV What is AIDS and HIV What is an aids What is HIV Aids What is HIV and AIDS What is HIV What is AIDS What is it AIDS Women and health Breastfeeding Health for women Health of women Health women Women For Women International Women Health Women Health Center Women Health Clinic Women s Health Health Care Jobs Health Care Jobs Home health care jobs submit to helpful care offered to the patient at their house by Health Care Jobs healthcare experts. The health care jobs expert is called an assistant worker, or the home healthcare giver. There are other conditions that submit to these health care jobs and which differ from authority to authority. Mainly jurisdiction need the health care jobs assistant to be approved by the state medicinal board. But condition such as California does not have such a obligation anybody can create given that health care jobs at home with no permit. This necessitate the patients and their family to be additional cautious when occupy a health care assistant. Other kind of home health care jobs comprises home treatment, which is a calling foster who get mind of the medicinal wants of a patient at house. The house might be a confidential home, but is typically a house care heart for the aged. Tasks of private Care aide Private health care jobs aide is the overarching word used to pass on to the fitness heed givers who gives aid and health care jobs to their patients at house. Other conditions for it are individual caregiver, individual care aide, private care assistant and residence care aide. The health care jobs engages captivating care of the day to day livelihood supplies of the patient, counting the six essential daily livelihood tasks. These health care jobs tasks are swim, bandage, on foot, moving, consumption and use the toilet. The private caregiver is s necessary to help the patient with all or several of these tasks as wanted by the patient. Household tasks of Home treatment Home care for Treatment house are hospice where the aged and other patients who need remedial management exist. Care for the occupant patients health wants such as gentle for them if they are pain for Alzheimer s. They frequently cooperate a managerial position, though they also have to individually health care jobs for the wants of the patients. They also health care jobs expand the patients action tactics, execute hard and specialist process such as preliminary intravenous fluid and oversee individual health care jobs helper in the mind of the treatment home inhabitants. Household tasks of house mind Nurses Home health care jobs foster are also described calling tends. These nurses are recorded tend who have taught to get mind of the patients at their house. typically, they give periodic services, such as calling the patients 2-3 period a week. Tweet Be the first to comment - What do you think Posted by jmalzameer - February 3, 2012 at 11 50 pm Categories Health care , Health Care Jobs Tags About AIDS , Aids HIV , Bladder Cancer , Blood Cancer , Bone Cancer , Brain Cancer , Breast Cancer , breastfeeding , cancer disease , Cancer Information , Cancer Symptoms , Cancer Treatment , Causes Of Cancer , Cervical cancer , Cheap , Colon Cancer , Colorectal Cancer , cost , Dental insurance , Esophageal Cancer , health , Health Care Health Insurance , Health care insurance , Health care management , Health Care Services , health care system , Health for women , Health insurance , Health Insurance Benefits , Health insurance companies , Health Insurance Coverage , Health Insurance Medical , Health Insurance Medical Insurance , Health Insurance Plan , Health of women , Health women , Hiv Aids , HIV or AIDS , Home health care , How do i get AIDS , How do you get Aids , insurance , Is Aids HIV , Liver Cancer , lung cancer , Medical Health Insurance , Medical insurance , Mouth cancer , Ovarian Cancer , Skin Cancer , Stage of cancer , Stomach Cancer , Symptoms Of Cancer , Testicular Cancer , Thyroid Cancer , TO AIDS , Treatment of Cancer , Types Of Cancer , United health care , What HIV and AIDS , What is a AIDS , What is aids , What is AIDS and HIV , What is an aids , What is Breast Cancer , What is health insurance , What is HIV , What is it AIDS , Women and health , Women For Women International , Women Health , Women Health Center , Women Health Clinic , Women s Health Leave a Reply Cancel reply Name Email Website Comment Search for Recent Posts Metastatic Cancer Cancer Stages Cancer Types Uterine Cancer What is Breast the Cancer Recent Comments Archives February 2012 January 2012 Categories ABOUT AIDS About Aids HIV About HIV Aids Aids HIV AIDS to HIV AIDS what is it and AIDS Bladder cancer Blood Cancer Bone Cancer Brain Cancer Breast Cancer Symptoms Breastfeeding Cancer Disease Cancer Information Cancer Stages Cancer Symptoms Cancer Treatment Cancer Types Causes Of Cancer Cervical cancer Cheap cost health insurance Colon Cancer Colorectal Cancer Dental insurance Esophageal Cancer Health care Health Care Center Health Care Health Insurance Health care insurance Health care issues Health Care Jobs Health care management Health care problems Health Care Services Health care system Health Care Technology Health for women Health insurance Health Insurance Benefits Health insurance companies Health Insurance Coverage Health Insurance Medical Health Insurance Medical Insurance Health Insurance Plan Health of women Health women HIV Aids HIV AND AIDS HIV or AIDS Home health care How do i get AIDS How do you get aids Is Aids HIV Liver Cancer Lung Cancer Medical Health Insurance Medical insurance Medical Insurance Health Insurance Metastatic Cancer Mouth cancer of AIDS Ovarian Cancer Palliative care Private Health Care Skin Cancer Stages of cancer Stomach Cancer Symptoms Of Cancer Testicular Cancer Thyroid Cancer TO AIDS Treatment of Cancer Types Of Cancer United health care United Healthcare Uterine Cancer What HIV and AIDS What is a AIDS What is a HIV What is Aids What is AIDS and HIV What is an aids What is Breast Cancer What is Breast the Cancer What is Health Care What is health insurance What is HIV Aids What is HIV and AIDS What is HIV What is AIDS What is it AIDS What is primary health care Women and health Women For Women International Women Health Women Health Center Women Health Clinic Women s Health Pages Sports Imran Khan Imran Khan Contact Us WordPress Theme by HeatMapTheme.com')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00023', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Health and Insurance cheapcosthealthinsurance.com Home Sports Imran Khan Imran Khan Contact Us Health care Health Care Center Health care issues Health Care Jobs Health care management Health care problems Health Care Services Health care system Health Care Technology Home health care Palliative care Private Health Care United health care United Healthcare What is Health Care What is primary health care Health insurance Cheap cost health insurance Dental insurance Health Care Health Insurance Health care insurance Health Insurance Benefits Health insurance companies Health Insurance Coverage Health Insurance Medical Health Insurance Medical Insurance Health Insurance Plan Medical Health Insurance Medical insurance Medical Insurance Health Insurance What is health insurance Stages of cancer Bladder cancer Blood Cancer Bone Cancer Brain Cancer Breast Cancer Symptoms Cancer Disease Cancer Information Cancer Stages Cancer Symptoms Cancer Treatment Cancer Types Causes Of Cancer Cervical cancer Colon Cancer Colorectal Cancer Esophageal Cancer Liver Cancer Lung Cancer Metastatic Cancer Mouth cancer Ovarian Cancer Skin Cancer Stomach Cancer Symptoms Of Cancer Testicular Cancer Thyroid Cancer Treatment of Cancer Types Of Cancer Uterine Cancer What is Breast Cancer What is Breast the Cancer What is Aids ABOUT AIDS About Aids HIV About HIV Aids Aids HIV AIDS to HIV AIDS what is it and AIDS HIV Aids HIV AND AIDS HIV or AIDS How do i get AIDS How do you get aids Is Aids HIV of AIDS TO AIDS What HIV and AIDS What is a AIDS What is a HIV What is AIDS and HIV What is an aids What is HIV Aids What is HIV and AIDS What is HIV What is AIDS What is it AIDS Women and health Breastfeeding Health for women Health of women Health women Women For Women International Women Health Women Health Center Women Health Clinic Women s Health Health care issues Health care issues Health care issues There are more than a few health care issues that are in the news bulletin and in the intelligences of lots of people these days. maybe for the reason that of the set in movement for worldwide health care issues mistreatment of the present health care issues scheme have approached to light. The health care issues that pestilence Americans require to be talked to with bright discuss and sympathetic. One of the health care issues is the do to excess of crisis accommodation by the deprived. It is not their errors. They are just reacting to a state of affairs in which they have no other way out. For case in point, a low-income family may well have a youngster with a slash handle. If they had indemnity, the parents would get the young person to a doctor s office place of work or an urgent health care issues health center to get a hold the toy with sewed up. Seeing as they have no such alternative, they get the a great deal additional valuable path of disappearing to the urgent situation space for the similar service. This places a damage on crisis accommodation and expenses taxpayers a great deal additional than if the deprived families were prearranged sufficient health check reporting in the primary put. Health care issues similar to this one are hard to figure out when there are so a lot of basses of cheaper checkup mind. Other health care issues engage pre-emptive drug. Indemnity corporation do not all hold up the patient s correct to pre-emptive checkup show events and actions. This also creates health care additional luxurious in the extended sprint. A lot of health care issues rotate approximately the older inhabitants. There are so many elderly people who are known small or no assist with their instruction medication. Indemnity Corporation creates medicine reporting obtainable at a cost that is so far above the ground that the majority older cannot have enough money it. This does small to make your mind up these health care issues With all the health care issues that are in the community eye, there wants to be an improved organization of message on these topics. Populace can have a crash on their health care issues organization if they discern where to have their thoughts on health care issues listen to. It is instance for the administration and other associations to provide them a say. Tweet Be the first to comment - What do you think Posted by jmalzameer - February 4, 2012 at 11 43 am Categories Health care , Health care issues Tags About AIDS , Aids HIV , Bladder Cancer , Blood Cancer , Bone Cancer , Brain Cancer , Breast Cancer , breastfeeding , cancer disease , Cancer Information , Cancer Symptoms , Cancer Treatment , Causes Of Cancer , Cervical cancer , Cheap , Colon Cancer , Colorectal Cancer , cost , Dental insurance , Esophageal Cancer , health , Health Care Health Insurance , Health care insurance , Health care issues , Health care management , Health Care Services , health care system , Health for women , Health insurance , Health Insurance Benefits , Health insurance companies , Health Insurance Coverage , Health Insurance Medical , Health Insurance Medical Insurance , Health Insurance Plan , Health of women , Health women , Hiv Aids , HIV or AIDS , Home health care , How do i get AIDS , How do you get Aids , insurance , Is Aids HIV , Liver Cancer , lung cancer , Medical Health Insurance , Medical insurance , Mouth cancer , Ovarian Cancer , Skin Cancer , Stage of cancer , Stomach Cancer , Symptoms Of Cancer , Testicular Cancer , Thyroid Cancer , TO AIDS , Treatment of Cancer , Types Of Cancer , United health care , What HIV and AIDS , What is a AIDS , What is aids , What is AIDS and HIV , What is an aids , What is Breast Cancer , What is health insurance , What is HIV , What is it AIDS , Women and health , Women For Women International , Women Health , Women Health Center , Women Health Clinic , Women s Health Leave a Reply Cancel reply Name Email Website Comment Search for Recent Posts Metastatic Cancer Cancer Stages Cancer Types Uterine Cancer What is Breast the Cancer Recent Comments Archives February 2012 January 2012 Categories ABOUT AIDS About Aids HIV About HIV Aids Aids HIV AIDS to HIV AIDS what is it and AIDS Bladder cancer Blood Cancer Bone Cancer Brain Cancer Breast Cancer Symptoms Breastfeeding Cancer Disease Cancer Information Cancer Stages Cancer Symptoms Cancer Treatment Cancer Types Causes Of Cancer Cervical cancer Cheap cost health insurance Colon Cancer Colorectal Cancer Dental insurance Esophageal Cancer Health care Health Care Center Health Care Health Insurance Health care insurance Health care issues Health Care Jobs Health care management Health care problems Health Care Services Health care system Health Care Technology Health for women Health insurance Health Insurance Benefits Health insurance companies Health Insurance Coverage Health Insurance Medical Health Insurance Medical Insurance Health Insurance Plan Health of women Health women HIV Aids HIV AND AIDS HIV or AIDS Home health care How do i get AIDS How do you get aids Is Aids HIV Liver Cancer Lung Cancer Medical Health Insurance Medical insurance Medical Insurance Health Insurance Metastatic Cancer Mouth cancer of AIDS Ovarian Cancer Palliative care Private Health Care Skin Cancer Stages of cancer Stomach Cancer Symptoms Of Cancer Testicular Cancer Thyroid Cancer TO AIDS Treatment of Cancer Types Of Cancer United health care United Healthcare Uterine Cancer What HIV and AIDS What is a AIDS What is a HIV What is Aids What is AIDS and HIV What is an aids What is Breast Cancer What is Breast the Cancer What is Health Care What is health insurance What is HIV Aids What is HIV and AIDS What is HIV What is AIDS What is it AIDS What is primary health care Women and health Women For Women International Women Health Women Health Center Women Health Clinic Women s Health Pages Sports Imran Khan Imran Khan Contact Us WordPress Theme by HeatMapTheme.com')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00024', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Health and Insurance cheapcosthealthinsurance.com Home Sports Imran Khan Imran Khan Contact Us Health care Health Care Center Health care issues Health Care Jobs Health care management Health care problems Health Care Services Health care system Health Care Technology Home health care Palliative care Private Health Care United health care United Healthcare What is Health Care What is primary health care Health insurance Cheap cost health insurance Dental insurance Health Care Health Insurance Health care insurance Health Insurance Benefits Health insurance companies Health Insurance Coverage Health Insurance Medical Health Insurance Medical Insurance Health Insurance Plan Medical Health Insurance Medical insurance Medical Insurance Health Insurance What is health insurance Stages of cancer Bladder cancer Blood Cancer Bone Cancer Brain Cancer Breast Cancer Symptoms Cancer Disease Cancer Information Cancer Stages Cancer Symptoms Cancer Treatment Cancer Types Causes Of Cancer Cervical cancer Colon Cancer Colorectal Cancer Esophageal Cancer Liver Cancer Lung Cancer Metastatic Cancer Mouth cancer Ovarian Cancer Skin Cancer Stomach Cancer Symptoms Of Cancer Testicular Cancer Thyroid Cancer Treatment of Cancer Types Of Cancer Uterine Cancer What is Breast Cancer What is Breast the Cancer What is Aids ABOUT AIDS About Aids HIV About HIV Aids Aids HIV AIDS to HIV AIDS what is it and AIDS HIV Aids HIV AND AIDS HIV or AIDS How do i get AIDS How do you get aids Is Aids HIV of AIDS TO AIDS What HIV and AIDS What is a AIDS What is a HIV What is AIDS and HIV What is an aids What is HIV Aids What is HIV and AIDS What is HIV What is AIDS What is it AIDS Women and health Breastfeeding Health for women Health of women Health women Women For Women International Women Health Women Health Center Women Health Clinic Women s Health Health care problems Health care problems Previous to the way of the new Health Bill the United States was expenditure $2.1 trillion a Health care problems year on health care problems, a cost of $7,026 for each individual in the state. Health care problems 16 percent of the nationwide financial system and these expenses are motionless increasing. One of the main problems are that health care problems are a labyrinth of official procedure, you wait two days in the sanatorium and you obtain this invoice that seems similar to the Kansas City Star Sunday Newspaper, if you are covered all we observe is how a great deal you have to disburse and by no means query health care problems some accuses. Too a lot of periods there are needless examinations, exaggerated costs emotionally involved to crops, and needless services as fraction of this listed labyrinth. At era an exacting price might be a tip of conversation with our health care problems associates they emotional me $10.00 a part for hygienic napkins but we by no means follows these accuses. The cover corporation will grasp that , we speak and zero additional is supposed, but then the indemnity corporation lifts health care problems your taxes and you complaints. This is too frequently the situation and it has health care problems reason our rates to the heavens soar, we not at all responsibility the health suppliers its forever the indemnity corporation as organism the awful guys. A buddy of pit was expectant, she had difficulties, and the baby was born three months early. It was health care problems an extended demanding instance for the family as the baby necessary a spirit check and a 24-hour timepiece. Following some weeks of unadulterated torture the baby was out of hazard, but the sanatorium and physician statement health care problems besieged them and they had to health care problems folder for insolvent. They struggled to discuss an imbursement agenda, but the expenditure was unfeasible. Throughout the discussions they queried several of the accuse, one examination had a cost tag of $1200.00 dollars. The sanatorium secretarial clerk informed them health care problems that if the sanatoriums identified they did not have cover they would have in no way achieved. mortal aware of health care problems accuses are a blame of all of us and it has been deserted and so sanatorium, health center, and health care problems have been known free sovereignty to accuse what they decide. Tweet Be the first to comment - What do you think Posted by jmalzameer - February 4, 2012 at 12 25 pm Categories Health care , Health care problems Tags About AIDS , Aids HIV , Bladder Cancer , Blood Cancer , Bone Cancer , Brain Cancer , Breast Cancer , breastfeeding , cancer disease , Cancer Information , Cancer Symptoms , Cancer Treatment , Causes Of Cancer , Cervical cancer , Cheap , Colon Cancer , Colorectal Cancer , cost , Dental insurance , Esophageal Cancer , health , Health Care Health Insurance , Health care insurance , Health care management , Health Care Services , health care system , Health for women , Health insurance , Health Insurance Benefits , Health insurance companies , Health Insurance Coverage , Health Insurance Medical , Health Insurance Medical Insurance , Health Insurance Plan , Health of women , Health women , Hiv Aids , HIV or AIDS , Home health care , How do i get AIDS , How do you get Aids , insurance , Is Aids HIV , Liver Cancer , lung cancer , Medical Health Insurance , Medical insurance , Mouth cancer , Ovarian Cancer , Skin Cancer , Stage of cancer , Stomach Cancer , Symptoms Of Cancer , Testicular Cancer , Thyroid Cancer , TO AIDS , Treatment of Cancer , Types Of Cancer , United health care , What HIV and AIDS , What is a AIDS , What is aids , What is AIDS and HIV , What is an aids , What is Breast Cancer , What is health insurance , What is HIV , What is it AIDS , Women and health , Women For Women International , Women Health , Women Health Center , Women Health Clinic , Women s Health Leave a Reply Cancel reply Name Email Website Comment Search for Recent Posts Metastatic Cancer Cancer Stages Cancer Types Uterine Cancer What is Breast the Cancer Recent Comments Archives February 2012 January 2012 Categories ABOUT AIDS About Aids HIV About HIV Aids Aids HIV AIDS to HIV AIDS what is it and AIDS Bladder cancer Blood Cancer Bone Cancer Brain Cancer Breast Cancer Symptoms Breastfeeding Cancer Disease Cancer Information Cancer Stages Cancer Symptoms Cancer Treatment Cancer Types Causes Of Cancer Cervical cancer Cheap cost health insurance Colon Cancer Colorectal Cancer Dental insurance Esophageal Cancer Health care Health Care Center Health Care Health Insurance Health care insurance Health care issues Health Care Jobs Health care management Health care problems Health Care Services Health care system Health Care Technology Health for women Health insurance Health Insurance Benefits Health insurance companies Health Insurance Coverage Health Insurance Medical Health Insurance Medical Insurance Health Insurance Plan Health of women Health women HIV Aids HIV AND AIDS HIV or AIDS Home health care How do i get AIDS How do you get aids Is Aids HIV Liver Cancer Lung Cancer Medical Health Insurance Medical insurance Medical Insurance Health Insurance Metastatic Cancer Mouth cancer of AIDS Ovarian Cancer Palliative care Private Health Care Skin Cancer Stages of cancer Stomach Cancer Symptoms Of Cancer Testicular Cancer Thyroid Cancer TO AIDS Treatment of Cancer Types Of Cancer United health care United Healthcare Uterine Cancer What HIV and AIDS What is a AIDS What is a HIV What is Aids What is AIDS and HIV What is an aids What is Breast Cancer What is Breast the Cancer What is Health Care What is health insurance What is HIV Aids What is HIV and AIDS What is HIV What is AIDS What is it AIDS What is primary health care Women and health Women For Women International Women Health Women Health Center Women Health Clinic Women s Health Pages Sports Imran Khan Imran Khan Contact Us WordPress Theme by HeatMapTheme.com')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00025', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Health and Insurance cheapcosthealthinsurance.com Home Sports Imran Khan Imran Khan Contact Us Health care Health Care Center Health care issues Health Care Jobs Health care management Health care problems Health Care Services Health care system Health Care Technology Home health care Palliative care Private Health Care United health care United Healthcare What is Health Care What is primary health care Health insurance Cheap cost health insurance Dental insurance Health Care Health Insurance Health care insurance Health Insurance Benefits Health insurance companies Health Insurance Coverage Health Insurance Medical Health Insurance Medical Insurance Health Insurance Plan Medical Health Insurance Medical insurance Medical Insurance Health Insurance What is health insurance Stages of cancer Bladder cancer Blood Cancer Bone Cancer Brain Cancer Breast Cancer Symptoms Cancer Disease Cancer Information Cancer Stages Cancer Symptoms Cancer Treatment Cancer Types Causes Of Cancer Cervical cancer Colon Cancer Colorectal Cancer Esophageal Cancer Liver Cancer Lung Cancer Metastatic Cancer Mouth cancer Ovarian Cancer Skin Cancer Stomach Cancer Symptoms Of Cancer Testicular Cancer Thyroid Cancer Treatment of Cancer Types Of Cancer Uterine Cancer What is Breast Cancer What is Breast the Cancer What is Aids ABOUT AIDS About Aids HIV About HIV Aids Aids HIV AIDS to HIV AIDS what is it and AIDS HIV Aids HIV AND AIDS HIV or AIDS How do i get AIDS How do you get aids Is Aids HIV of AIDS TO AIDS What HIV and AIDS What is a AIDS What is a HIV What is AIDS and HIV What is an aids What is HIV Aids What is HIV and AIDS What is HIV What is AIDS What is it AIDS Women and health Breastfeeding Health for women Health of women Health women Women For Women International Women Health Women Health Center Women Health Clinic Women s Health Health Care Technology Health Care Technology Health Care Technology Home health care technology can help child boomers to productively age in position by endorsing self-government and contribution help when it is wanted. Boomers have completed it completely obvious they desire to stay in their health care technology societies and wait in their houses for as extended as likely. The consequences of a review performed by The American Association of Retired Persons of September 2008 asked baby boomers if they decided with this declaration What I d actually similar to to do is wait in my present house for as extended as likely. The health care technology consequences were 80% of those among the age of 55-64 have the same opinion 88% consider that it is probable that they can 75% of those that reacted among the mid 50 s and mid 60 s consider a number of feature of their house will confront their aptitude to do so staircase being the main obstruction with 24% . So here is the astonishing, yet worrying news. Clearness performed a investigate health care technology learn that deliberate two collections Baby Boomers amid the ages of 43 61, with period parents and orders, age 65 advantage and motionless livelihood separately, at house. The consequences of this revision 53% of the period orders in the learn were worried about their aptitude in spite of their wish to stay in their own home. They named anxieties about health care technology reminiscence and the aptitude to force. When inquired about doubts, orders 26% graded defeat of self-government% of boomers considers there is health care technology to assist their parents. But only 14% have seemed for some house health care technology. Baby boomers need captivating act to productively period in put and home health care technology is there to hold up them and their priding appreciated one. It is significant to be practical and not hasty to investigate house health care technology Investigate demonstrates that the majority house health care technology is started in the house, only following an event happens. This health care technology event, with an era older often consequences in a needless hospitalization. The majority mishaps that occur at house can be banned. The health care technology is obtainable to uphold self-government, stop needless hospitalizations. House health care technology is obtainable to timing baby boomers now. In arrange to productively age in put needs preparation. Tweet Be the first to comment - What do you think Posted by jmalzameer - February 4, 2012 at 1 47 pm Categories Health care , Health Care Technology Tags About AIDS , Aids HIV , Bladder Cancer , Blood Cancer , Bone Cancer , Brain Cancer , Breast Cancer , breastfeeding , cancer disease , Cancer Information , Cancer Symptoms , Cancer Treatment , Causes Of Cancer , Cervical cancer , Cheap , Colon Cancer , Colorectal Cancer , cost , Dental insurance , Esophageal Cancer , health , Health Care Health Insurance , Health care insurance , Health care management , Health Care Services , health care system , Health for women , Health insurance , Health Insurance Benefits , Health insurance companies , Health Insurance Coverage , Health Insurance Medical , Health Insurance Medical Insurance , Health Insurance Plan , Health of women , Health women , Hiv Aids , HIV or AIDS , Home health care , How do i get AIDS , How do you get Aids , insurance , Is Aids HIV , Liver Cancer , lung cancer , Medical Health Insurance , Medical insurance , Mouth cancer , Ovarian Cancer , Private Health Care , Skin Cancer , Stage of cancer , Stomach Cancer , Symptoms Of Cancer , Testicular Cancer , Thyroid Cancer , TO AIDS , Treatment of Cancer , Types Of Cancer , United health care , What HIV and AIDS , What is a AIDS , What is aids , What is AIDS and HIV , What is an aids , What is Breast Cancer , What is health insurance , What is HIV , What is it AIDS , Women and health , Women For Women International , Women Health , Women Health Center , Women Health Clinic , Women s Health Leave a Reply Cancel reply Name Email Website Comment Search for Recent Posts Metastatic Cancer Cancer Stages Cancer Types Uterine Cancer What is Breast the Cancer Recent Comments Archives February 2012 January 2012 Categories ABOUT AIDS About Aids HIV About HIV Aids Aids HIV AIDS to HIV AIDS what is it and AIDS Bladder cancer Blood Cancer Bone Cancer Brain Cancer Breast Cancer Symptoms Breastfeeding Cancer Disease Cancer Information Cancer Stages Cancer Symptoms Cancer Treatment Cancer Types Causes Of Cancer Cervical cancer Cheap cost health insurance Colon Cancer Colorectal Cancer Dental insurance Esophageal Cancer Health care Health Care Center Health Care Health Insurance Health care insurance Health care issues Health Care Jobs Health care management Health care problems Health Care Services Health care system Health Care Technology Health for women Health insurance Health Insurance Benefits Health insurance companies Health Insurance Coverage Health Insurance Medical Health Insurance Medical Insurance Health Insurance Plan Health of women Health women HIV Aids HIV AND AIDS HIV or AIDS Home health care How do i get AIDS How do you get aids Is Aids HIV Liver Cancer Lung Cancer Medical Health Insurance Medical insurance Medical Insurance Health Insurance Metastatic Cancer Mouth cancer of AIDS Ovarian Cancer Palliative care Private Health Care Skin Cancer Stages of cancer Stomach Cancer Symptoms Of Cancer Testicular Cancer Thyroid Cancer TO AIDS Treatment of Cancer Types Of Cancer United health care United Healthcare Uterine Cancer What HIV and AIDS What is a AIDS What is a HIV What is Aids What is AIDS and HIV What is an aids What is Breast Cancer What is Breast the Cancer What is Health Care What is health insurance What is HIV Aids What is HIV and AIDS What is HIV What is AIDS What is it AIDS What is primary health care Women and health Women For Women International Women Health Women Health Center Women Health Clinic Women s Health Pages Sports Imran Khan Imran Khan Contact Us WordPress Theme by HeatMapTheme.com')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00026', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Health and Insurance cheapcosthealthinsurance.com Home Sports Imran Khan Imran Khan Contact Us Health care Health Care Center Health care issues Health Care Jobs Health care management Health care problems Health Care Services Health care system Health Care Technology Home health care Palliative care Private Health Care United health care United Healthcare What is Health Care What is primary health care Health insurance Cheap cost health insurance Dental insurance Health Care Health Insurance Health care insurance Health Insurance Benefits Health insurance companies Health Insurance Coverage Health Insurance Medical Health Insurance Medical Insurance Health Insurance Plan Medical Health Insurance Medical insurance Medical Insurance Health Insurance What is health insurance Stages of cancer Bladder cancer Blood Cancer Bone Cancer Brain Cancer Breast Cancer Symptoms Cancer Disease Cancer Information Cancer Stages Cancer Symptoms Cancer Treatment Cancer Types Causes Of Cancer Cervical cancer Colon Cancer Colorectal Cancer Esophageal Cancer Liver Cancer Lung Cancer Metastatic Cancer Mouth cancer Ovarian Cancer Skin Cancer Stomach Cancer Symptoms Of Cancer Testicular Cancer Thyroid Cancer Treatment of Cancer Types Of Cancer Uterine Cancer What is Breast Cancer What is Breast the Cancer What is Aids ABOUT AIDS About Aids HIV About HIV Aids Aids HIV AIDS to HIV AIDS what is it and AIDS HIV Aids HIV AND AIDS HIV or AIDS How do i get AIDS How do you get aids Is Aids HIV of AIDS TO AIDS What HIV and AIDS What is a AIDS What is a HIV What is AIDS and HIV What is an aids What is HIV Aids What is HIV and AIDS What is HIV What is AIDS What is it AIDS Women and health Breastfeeding Health for women Health of women Health women Women For Women International Women Health Women Health Center Women Health Clinic Women s Health Palliative Care Palliative Care Palliative care in New Zealand gives for the thoughtful and action of those opposite serious Palliative Care illness. When you or a associate of your family knowledge the Palliative care require to look for expert assist throughout your sickness the end-of-life organization agendas in New Zealand are listening carefully on as long as the most excellent help and action Palliative care obtainable. Palliative care was borne from hospital Palliative care and is extensively second-hand exterior of customary hospital amenities. They mind for non-terminal as well as hospital patients. Palliative care is helpful to all patients throughout all phase s sickness to maximize excellence of life. Financial support for this Palliative care in New Zealand approaches from a lot of source counting the administration in the form of ACC Accident Compensation Corporation or from side to side the MOH Ministry of Health , there are also confidentially Palliative care salaried and aid organization alternatives depending on your circumstances. Two of the country recognized body is The Palliative Care committee and The Palliative Care nurture of New Zealand PCNNZ . The New Zealand Ministry of Health, Manatu Hauora, and Palliative care is the administration sprint organization emotional with administer all fitness mind services within the country. Several of the healthcare Palliative care figures on their website demonstrate that in 2009 almost 12 million GP discussions were completed, 59 million recommendation administer and 24 million laboratory examination manner. Palliative care approaches beneath the bough of helpful conduct and it is the procedure of holistically as long as treatments for Palliative care patients who undergo from higher progressive illness. Ache organization and the organization of Palliative care other indication sand manage mental, communal and religious hold up is the main objective. Attain the most excellent excellence of existence for the Palliative care patients and their families are the final objective. End-of-life organizations are not immediately significant to higher progressive illness it is very important to the procedure of near the beginning action also. There are more than a few aspires of this kind of aid, initially, existence is avowed and disappearing is careful a usual procedure. Charitable release from ache and other hard indications and including the mental and religious aspect of patient Palliative care are also fraction of the aspires. as long as a hold up organization that assists patients to exist a filled and lively life for as long as likely awaiting bereavement is another significant aim. Tweet Be the first to comment - What do you think Posted by jmalzameer - February 6, 2012 at 2 04 am Categories Health care , Palliative care Tags About AIDS , Aids HIV , Bladder Cancer , Blood Cancer , Bone Cancer , Brain Cancer , Breast Cancer , breastfeeding , cancer disease , Cancer Information , Cancer Symptoms , Cancer Treatment , Causes Of Cancer , Cervical cancer , Cheap , Colon Cancer , Colorectal Cancer , cost , Dental insurance , Esophageal Cancer , health , Health Care Health Insurance , Health care insurance , Health care management , Health Care Services , health care system , Health for women , Health insurance , Health Insurance Benefits , Health insurance companies , Health Insurance Coverage , Health Insurance Medical , Health Insurance Medical Insurance , Health Insurance Plan , Health of women , Health women , Hiv Aids , HIV or AIDS , Home health care , How do i get AIDS , How do you get Aids , insurance , Is Aids HIV , Liver Cancer , lung cancer , Medical Health Insurance , Medical insurance , Mouth cancer , Ovarian Cancer , Private Health Care , Skin Cancer , Stage of cancer , Stomach Cancer , Symptoms Of Cancer , Testicular Cancer , Thyroid Cancer , TO AIDS , Treatment of Cancer , Types Of Cancer , United health care , United Healthcare , What HIV and AIDS , What is a AIDS , What is aids , What is AIDS and HIV , What is an aids , What is Breast Cancer , What is health insurance , What is HIV , What is it AIDS , What is primary health care , Women and health , Women For Women International , Women Health , Women Health Center , Women Health Clinic , Women s Health Leave a Reply Cancel reply Name Email Website Comment Search for Recent Posts Metastatic Cancer Cancer Stages Cancer Types Uterine Cancer What is Breast the Cancer Recent Comments Archives February 2012 January 2012 Categories ABOUT AIDS About Aids HIV About HIV Aids Aids HIV AIDS to HIV AIDS what is it and AIDS Bladder cancer Blood Cancer Bone Cancer Brain Cancer Breast Cancer Symptoms Breastfeeding Cancer Disease Cancer Information Cancer Stages Cancer Symptoms Cancer Treatment Cancer Types Causes Of Cancer Cervical cancer Cheap cost health insurance Colon Cancer Colorectal Cancer Dental insurance Esophageal Cancer Health care Health Care Center Health Care Health Insurance Health care insurance Health care issues Health Care Jobs Health care management Health care problems Health Care Services Health care system Health Care Technology Health for women Health insurance Health Insurance Benefits Health insurance companies Health Insurance Coverage Health Insurance Medical Health Insurance Medical Insurance Health Insurance Plan Health of women Health women HIV Aids HIV AND AIDS HIV or AIDS Home health care How do i get AIDS How do you get aids Is Aids HIV Liver Cancer Lung Cancer Medical Health Insurance Medical insurance Medical Insurance Health Insurance Metastatic Cancer Mouth cancer of AIDS Ovarian Cancer Palliative care Private Health Care Skin Cancer Stages of cancer Stomach Cancer Symptoms Of Cancer Testicular Cancer Thyroid Cancer TO AIDS Treatment of Cancer Types Of Cancer United health care United Healthcare Uterine Cancer What HIV and AIDS What is a AIDS What is a HIV What is Aids What is AIDS and HIV What is an aids What is Breast Cancer What is Breast the Cancer What is Health Care What is health insurance What is HIV Aids What is HIV and AIDS What is HIV What is AIDS What is it AIDS What is primary health care Women and health Women For Women International Women Health Women Health Center Women Health Clinic Women s Health Pages Sports Imran Khan Imran Khan Contact Us WordPress Theme by HeatMapTheme.com')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00027', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Health and Insurance cheapcosthealthinsurance.com Home Sports Imran Khan Imran Khan Contact Us Health care Health Care Center Health care issues Health Care Jobs Health care management Health care problems Health Care Services Health care system Health Care Technology Home health care Palliative care Private Health Care United health care United Healthcare What is Health Care What is primary health care Health insurance Cheap cost health insurance Dental insurance Health Care Health Insurance Health care insurance Health Insurance Benefits Health insurance companies Health Insurance Coverage Health Insurance Medical Health Insurance Medical Insurance Health Insurance Plan Medical Health Insurance Medical insurance Medical Insurance Health Insurance What is health insurance Stages of cancer Bladder cancer Blood Cancer Bone Cancer Brain Cancer Breast Cancer Symptoms Cancer Disease Cancer Information Cancer Stages Cancer Symptoms Cancer Treatment Cancer Types Causes Of Cancer Cervical cancer Colon Cancer Colorectal Cancer Esophageal Cancer Liver Cancer Lung Cancer Metastatic Cancer Mouth cancer Ovarian Cancer Skin Cancer Stomach Cancer Symptoms Of Cancer Testicular Cancer Thyroid Cancer Treatment of Cancer Types Of Cancer Uterine Cancer What is Breast Cancer What is Breast the Cancer What is Aids ABOUT AIDS About Aids HIV About HIV Aids Aids HIV AIDS to HIV AIDS what is it and AIDS HIV Aids HIV AND AIDS HIV or AIDS How do i get AIDS How do you get aids Is Aids HIV of AIDS TO AIDS What HIV and AIDS What is a AIDS What is a HIV What is AIDS and HIV What is an aids What is HIV Aids What is HIV and AIDS What is HIV What is AIDS What is it AIDS Women and health Breastfeeding Health for women Health of women Health women Women For Women International Women Health Women Health Center Women Health Clinic Women s Health United Healthcare United Healthcare United Healthcare With so a lot of option out there for dental covers united healthcare can be over whelming annoying to choose one. United healthcare dental cover is measured by a lot of to be at the pinnacle. With over 26 million clientele they have one of the main bases in the United healthcare for dental reporting. Several would utter that with that various patrons their client service should not be that fine the conflicting is factual. They have so various clienteles since United healthcare they do have immense client service. They are careful as being the strongest and mainly dedicated United healthcare firms in the globe, and so you can totally sense certain and tenable when you leave with United HealthCare dental indemnity. The United HealthCare dental indemnity present an collection of skin and services, including a wide contribution of client leaning fitness advantages tactics and services and sensible online gear for customers and workers. One cause I similar to them is their online place is so simple to steer and discover what you are seem for. In immediately little tick you can see what doctor s office in your region believe their indemnity. With United HealthCare you can observe maintains movement for your entire family, ensure expenses for a exacting process, contrast sanatorium and doctor, arrange your instruction, obtain the newest fitness and wellness cogs, and talk exist with a care for. Of route there is lots of other corporation that you are able to go away from commencement to finish for united healthcare dental indemnity, but the United HealthCare association is without a hesitation one of the most excellent. Their agenda and services are unbelievable and absolutely ones that you will think worth examination out. Dental indemnity is not for everybody. Frequently period you might just be better of going with a dental arrangement quite than United healthcare dental indemnity. United healthcare Dental tactics lean to be additional reasonable and coat extremely lock to what United healthcare dental indemnity would. The downward side is numerous dental plans do not have as broad a network as dental indemnity would. If you before now have a dentist be certain and ensure if your physician is incorporated in the dental plan. Tweet Be the first to comment - What do you think Posted by jmalzameer - February 6, 2012 at 12 59 am Categories Health care , United Healthcare Tags About AIDS , Aids HIV , Bladder Cancer , Blood Cancer , Bone Cancer , Brain Cancer , Breast Cancer , breastfeeding , cancer disease , Cancer Information , Cancer Symptoms , Cancer Treatment , Causes Of Cancer , Cervical cancer , Cheap , Colon Cancer , Colorectal Cancer , cost , Dental insurance , Esophageal Cancer , health , Health Care Health Insurance , Health care insurance , Health care management , Health Care Services , health care system , Health for women , Health insurance , Health Insurance Benefits , Health insurance companies , Health Insurance Coverage , Health Insurance Medical , Health Insurance Medical Insurance , Health Insurance Plan , Health of women , Health women , Hiv Aids , HIV or AIDS , Home health care , How do i get AIDS , How do you get Aids , insurance , Is Aids HIV , Liver Cancer , lung cancer , Medical Health Insurance , Medical insurance , Mouth cancer , Ovarian Cancer , Private Health Care , Skin Cancer , Stage of cancer , Stomach Cancer , Symptoms Of Cancer , Testicular Cancer , Thyroid Cancer , TO AIDS , Treatment of Cancer , Types Of Cancer , United health care , United Healthcare , What HIV and AIDS , What is a AIDS , What is aids , What is AIDS and HIV , What is an aids , What is Breast Cancer , What is health insurance , What is HIV , What is it AIDS , Women and health , Women For Women International , Women Health , Women Health Center , Women Health Clinic , Women s Health Leave a Reply Cancel reply Name Email Website Comment Search for Recent Posts Metastatic Cancer Cancer Stages Cancer Types Uterine Cancer What is Breast the Cancer Recent Comments Archives February 2012 January 2012 Categories ABOUT AIDS About Aids HIV About HIV Aids Aids HIV AIDS to HIV AIDS what is it and AIDS Bladder cancer Blood Cancer Bone Cancer Brain Cancer Breast Cancer Symptoms Breastfeeding Cancer Disease Cancer Information Cancer Stages Cancer Symptoms Cancer Treatment Cancer Types Causes Of Cancer Cervical cancer Cheap cost health insurance Colon Cancer Colorectal Cancer Dental insurance Esophageal Cancer Health care Health Care Center Health Care Health Insurance Health care insurance Health care issues Health Care Jobs Health care management Health care problems Health Care Services Health care system Health Care Technology Health for women Health insurance Health Insurance Benefits Health insurance companies Health Insurance Coverage Health Insurance Medical Health Insurance Medical Insurance Health Insurance Plan Health of women Health women HIV Aids HIV AND AIDS HIV or AIDS Home health care How do i get AIDS How do you get aids Is Aids HIV Liver Cancer Lung Cancer Medical Health Insurance Medical insurance Medical Insurance Health Insurance Metastatic Cancer Mouth cancer of AIDS Ovarian Cancer Palliative care Private Health Care Skin Cancer Stages of cancer Stomach Cancer Symptoms Of Cancer Testicular Cancer Thyroid Cancer TO AIDS Treatment of Cancer Types Of Cancer United health care United Healthcare Uterine Cancer What HIV and AIDS What is a AIDS What is a HIV What is Aids What is AIDS and HIV What is an aids What is Breast Cancer What is Breast the Cancer What is Health Care What is health insurance What is HIV Aids What is HIV and AIDS What is HIV What is AIDS What is it AIDS What is primary health care Women and health Women For Women International Women Health Women Health Center Women Health Clinic Women s Health Pages Sports Imran Khan Imran Khan Contact Us WordPress Theme by HeatMapTheme.com')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00028', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Health and Insurance cheapcosthealthinsurance.com Home Sports Imran Khan Imran Khan Contact Us Health care Health Care Center Health care issues Health Care Jobs Health care management Health care problems Health Care Services Health care system Health Care Technology Home health care Palliative care Private Health Care United health care United Healthcare What is Health Care What is primary health care Health insurance Cheap cost health insurance Dental insurance Health Care Health Insurance Health care insurance Health Insurance Benefits Health insurance companies Health Insurance Coverage Health Insurance Medical Health Insurance Medical Insurance Health Insurance Plan Medical Health Insurance Medical insurance Medical Insurance Health Insurance What is health insurance Stages of cancer Bladder cancer Blood Cancer Bone Cancer Brain Cancer Breast Cancer Symptoms Cancer Disease Cancer Information Cancer Stages Cancer Symptoms Cancer Treatment Cancer Types Causes Of Cancer Cervical cancer Colon Cancer Colorectal Cancer Esophageal Cancer Liver Cancer Lung Cancer Metastatic Cancer Mouth cancer Ovarian Cancer Skin Cancer Stomach Cancer Symptoms Of Cancer Testicular Cancer Thyroid Cancer Treatment of Cancer Types Of Cancer Uterine Cancer What is Breast Cancer What is Breast the Cancer What is Aids ABOUT AIDS About Aids HIV About HIV Aids Aids HIV AIDS to HIV AIDS what is it and AIDS HIV Aids HIV AND AIDS HIV or AIDS How do i get AIDS How do you get aids Is Aids HIV of AIDS TO AIDS What HIV and AIDS What is a AIDS What is a HIV What is AIDS and HIV What is an aids What is HIV Aids What is HIV and AIDS What is HIV What is AIDS What is it AIDS Women and health Breastfeeding Health for women Health of women Health women Women For Women International Women Health Women Health Center Women Health Clinic Women s Health What is Breast the Cancer What is Breast the Cancer What is Breast the Cancer What is breast the cancer You ve observed the pink strip previous to. It s the worldwide sign for breast consciousness. What is breast the cancer leaving as distant back as 1991 when the Susan G. Komen base primary hand over them out to member in a breast cancer survivors meeting. What is breast the cancer did you recognize that peach approximately happened to the color of the strip for the brawl alongside the illness What is breast cancer the breast cancer survivor by the name of Charlotte Hayley determined to advertise cards manner peach-colored streamer to endorse consciousness. What is breast the cancer The program wedged the attention of beauty corporation Estee Lauder, but they wanted to alter the peach streamer to pink, thus leaving rear to the unique dye primary used in 1991. And still since, it has been pink. What is breast the cancer If the HIV consciousness strip is red, the strip for breast cancer is pink. Pink propose femaleness, weakness, the motherly nature a suitable dye certainly. What is breast the cancer It is the consciousness of a illness that can get a existence, What is breast the cancer if not very change a existence. What is breast the cancer The pink is the consciousness of a illness that doesn t now mutilate women but also raid them of their intrinsic ability to feed their brood. What is breast the cancer Breast cancer, like all appearances of cancer, is a conspirator. What is breast the cancer It hits when you re not surveillanceing. What is breast the cancer This is why October has developed into the chosen month for Breast Cancer consciousness, a point to lift consciousness between women and not just women but everybody in common concerning the illness. What is breast the cancer This is the point when the pink streamer begin pending out, carefully pink, but unwavering in task. What is breast the cancer The chief objective is forever to hearten women to obtain a mammogram and have themselves checkered, amazing a lot of women disregard. What is breast the cancer The explanations leave as of There s forever amazing additional significant to do , or That journey to the physician can forever stay , awaiting it s also behind. What numerous people overlook is that premature discovery is extremely significant since time is forever a issue in cancer. What is breast the cancer The odds of endurance are better when the illness is identified correctly and conduct is administer as soon as possible. Tweet Be the first to comment - What do you think Posted by jmalzameer - February 6, 2012 at 12 43 pm Categories Stages of cancer , What is Breast the Cancer Tags About AIDS , Aids HIV , Bladder Cancer , Blood Cancer , Bone Cancer , Brain Cancer , Breast Cancer , breastfeeding , cancer disease , Cancer Information , Cancer Symptoms , Cancer Treatment , Causes Of Cancer , Cervical cancer , Cheap , Colon Cancer , Colorectal Cancer , cost , Dental insurance , Esophageal Cancer , health , Health Care Health Insurance , Health care insurance , Health care management , Health Care Services , health care system , Health for women , Health insurance , Health Insurance Benefits , Health insurance companies , Health Insurance Coverage , Health Insurance Medical , Health Insurance Medical Insurance , Health Insurance Plan , Health of women , Health women , Hiv Aids , HIV or AIDS , Home health care , How do i get AIDS , How do you get Aids , insurance , Is Aids HIV , Liver Cancer , lung cancer , Medical Health Insurance , Medical insurance , Mouth cancer , Ovarian Cancer , Private Health Care , Skin Cancer , Stage of cancer , Stomach Cancer , Symptoms Of Cancer , Testicular Cancer , Thyroid Cancer , TO AIDS , Treatment of Cancer , Types Of Cancer , United health care , United Healthcare , What HIV and AIDS , What is a AIDS , What is aids , What is AIDS and HIV , What is an aids , What is Breast Cancer , What is health insurance , What is HIV , What is it AIDS , What is primary health care , Women and health , Women For Women International , Women Health , Women Health Center , Women Health Clinic , Women s Health Leave a Reply Cancel reply Name Email Website Comment Search for Recent Posts Metastatic Cancer Cancer Stages Cancer Types Uterine Cancer What is Breast the Cancer Recent Comments Archives February 2012 January 2012 Categories ABOUT AIDS About Aids HIV About HIV Aids Aids HIV AIDS to HIV AIDS what is it and AIDS Bladder cancer Blood Cancer Bone Cancer Brain Cancer Breast Cancer Symptoms Breastfeeding Cancer Disease Cancer Information Cancer Stages Cancer Symptoms Cancer Treatment Cancer Types Causes Of Cancer Cervical cancer Cheap cost health insurance Colon Cancer Colorectal Cancer Dental insurance Esophageal Cancer Health care Health Care Center Health Care Health Insurance Health care insurance Health care issues Health Care Jobs Health care management Health care problems Health Care Services Health care system Health Care Technology Health for women Health insurance Health Insurance Benefits Health insurance companies Health Insurance Coverage Health Insurance Medical Health Insurance Medical Insurance Health Insurance Plan Health of women Health women HIV Aids HIV AND AIDS HIV or AIDS Home health care How do i get AIDS How do you get aids Is Aids HIV Liver Cancer Lung Cancer Medical Health Insurance Medical insurance Medical Insurance Health Insurance Metastatic Cancer Mouth cancer of AIDS Ovarian Cancer Palliative care Private Health Care Skin Cancer Stages of cancer Stomach Cancer Symptoms Of Cancer Testicular Cancer Thyroid Cancer TO AIDS Treatment of Cancer Types Of Cancer United health care United Healthcare Uterine Cancer What HIV and AIDS What is a AIDS What is a HIV What is Aids What is AIDS and HIV What is an aids What is Breast Cancer What is Breast the Cancer What is Health Care What is health insurance What is HIV Aids What is HIV and AIDS What is HIV What is AIDS What is it AIDS What is primary health care Women and health Women For Women International Women Health Women Health Center Women Health Clinic Women s Health Pages Sports Imran Khan Imran Khan Contact Us WordPress Theme by HeatMapTheme.com')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00029', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Health and Insurance cheapcosthealthinsurance.com Home Sports Imran Khan Imran Khan Contact Us Health care Health Care Center Health care issues Health Care Jobs Health care management Health care problems Health Care Services Health care system Health Care Technology Home health care Palliative care Private Health Care United health care United Healthcare What is Health Care What is primary health care Health insurance Cheap cost health insurance Dental insurance Health Care Health Insurance Health care insurance Health Insurance Benefits Health insurance companies Health Insurance Coverage Health Insurance Medical Health Insurance Medical Insurance Health Insurance Plan Medical Health Insurance Medical insurance Medical Insurance Health Insurance What is health insurance Stages of cancer Bladder cancer Blood Cancer Bone Cancer Brain Cancer Breast Cancer Symptoms Cancer Disease Cancer Information Cancer Stages Cancer Symptoms Cancer Treatment Cancer Types Causes Of Cancer Cervical cancer Colon Cancer Colorectal Cancer Esophageal Cancer Liver Cancer Lung Cancer Metastatic Cancer Mouth cancer Ovarian Cancer Skin Cancer Stomach Cancer Symptoms Of Cancer Testicular Cancer Thyroid Cancer Treatment of Cancer Types Of Cancer Uterine Cancer What is Breast Cancer What is Breast the Cancer What is Aids ABOUT AIDS About Aids HIV About HIV Aids Aids HIV AIDS to HIV AIDS what is it and AIDS HIV Aids HIV AND AIDS HIV or AIDS How do i get AIDS How do you get aids Is Aids HIV of AIDS TO AIDS What HIV and AIDS What is a AIDS What is a HIV What is AIDS and HIV What is an aids What is HIV Aids What is HIV and AIDS What is HIV What is AIDS What is it AIDS Women and health Breastfeeding Health for women Health of women Health women Women For Women International Women Health Women Health Center Women Health Clinic Women s Health What is Primary Health Care What is Primary Health Care What is primary health care There are period when we be unsuccessful to get good mind of What is Primary Health Care our eyes awaiting we observe a number of strange alter that are captivating rest with our dream and eye arrangement. What is primary health care if it happens to maddening that s the only time we request expert assist from our eye physician. What is primary health care it is significant that we identify how to get fine trouble of our eyes. What is primary health care this is a fraction of our body where it cannot be restored as simply as a prosthesis can restore a misplaced leg. No prosthesis can reinstate our dream. What is primary health care it is our blame to stay it healthy. What is primary health care with usual stopovers from our Austin eye physician or optometrist, we can be certain that are eyes are forever healthy. What is primary health care our eye physician is an important being we can faith when it approaches to the fitness and wellness of our dream. They are nearly all dedicated to give us with an excellence repair similar to eye tests and appraisals, analysis of circumstances and illness, action and managements. What is primary health care they can also contribute in pre-operative and post-operative mind for customers who will or have had eye surgeries. What is primary health care they are punctual and watchful when it approaches to if go after up care of patients in the scientific location. What is primary health care their experts service and recommendation preserve assist us appreciate the surroundings and reasons of our circumstance as well as the cures and managements that be supposed to be completed to make your mind up the difficulty. What is primary health care Eye physical condition teaching is what they first and foremost do most excellent and that is an extremely significant apprehension that we ought to be knowledge from them. What is primary health care we ought to not be at ease with only hearsays from other populace who do not have sufficient information about our anxiety What is primary health care if you desire to study the correct events to get, don t believe double, leave and visit your optometrist. Relax certain that there will be no queries that will be absent unrequited. Tweet Be the first to comment - What do you think Posted by jmalzameer - February 6, 2012 at 1 17 am Categories Health care , What is primary health care Tags About AIDS , Aids HIV , Bladder Cancer , Blood Cancer , Bone Cancer , Brain Cancer , Breast Cancer , breastfeeding , cancer disease , Cancer Information , Cancer Symptoms , Cancer Treatment , Causes Of Cancer , Cervical cancer , Cheap , Colon Cancer , Colorectal Cancer , cost , Dental insurance , Esophageal Cancer , health , Health Care Health Insurance , Health care insurance , Health care management , Health Care Services , health care system , Health for women , Health insurance , Health Insurance Benefits , Health insurance companies , Health Insurance Coverage , Health Insurance Medical , Health Insurance Medical Insurance , Health Insurance Plan , Health of women , Health women , Hiv Aids , HIV or AIDS , Home health care , How do i get AIDS , How do you get Aids , insurance , Is Aids HIV , Liver Cancer , lung cancer , Medical Health Insurance , Medical insurance , Mouth cancer , Ovarian Cancer , Private Health Care , Skin Cancer , Stage of cancer , Stomach Cancer , Symptoms Of Cancer , Testicular Cancer , Thyroid Cancer , TO AIDS , Treatment of Cancer , Types Of Cancer , United health care , United Healthcare , What HIV and AIDS , What is a AIDS , What is aids , What is AIDS and HIV , What is an aids , What is Breast Cancer , What is health insurance , What is HIV , What is it AIDS , What is primary health care , Women and health , Women For Women International , Women Health , Women Health Center , Women Health Clinic , Women s Health Leave a Reply Cancel reply Name Email Website Comment Search for Recent Posts Metastatic Cancer Cancer Stages Cancer Types Uterine Cancer What is Breast the Cancer Recent Comments Archives February 2012 January 2012 Categories ABOUT AIDS About Aids HIV About HIV Aids Aids HIV AIDS to HIV AIDS what is it and AIDS Bladder cancer Blood Cancer Bone Cancer Brain Cancer Breast Cancer Symptoms Breastfeeding Cancer Disease Cancer Information Cancer Stages Cancer Symptoms Cancer Treatment Cancer Types Causes Of Cancer Cervical cancer Cheap cost health insurance Colon Cancer Colorectal Cancer Dental insurance Esophageal Cancer Health care Health Care Center Health Care Health Insurance Health care insurance Health care issues Health Care Jobs Health care management Health care problems Health Care Services Health care system Health Care Technology Health for women Health insurance Health Insurance Benefits Health insurance companies Health Insurance Coverage Health Insurance Medical Health Insurance Medical Insurance Health Insurance Plan Health of women Health women HIV Aids HIV AND AIDS HIV or AIDS Home health care How do i get AIDS How do you get aids Is Aids HIV Liver Cancer Lung Cancer Medical Health Insurance Medical insurance Medical Insurance Health Insurance Metastatic Cancer Mouth cancer of AIDS Ovarian Cancer Palliative care Private Health Care Skin Cancer Stages of cancer Stomach Cancer Symptoms Of Cancer Testicular Cancer Thyroid Cancer TO AIDS Treatment of Cancer Types Of Cancer United health care United Healthcare Uterine Cancer What HIV and AIDS What is a AIDS What is a HIV What is Aids What is AIDS and HIV What is an aids What is Breast Cancer What is Breast the Cancer What is Health Care What is health insurance What is HIV Aids What is HIV and AIDS What is HIV What is AIDS What is it AIDS What is primary health care Women and health Women For Women International Women Health Women Health Center Women Health Clinic Women s Health Pages Sports Imran Khan Imran Khan Contact Us WordPress Theme by HeatMapTheme.com')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00030', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Health and Insurance cheapcosthealthinsurance.com Home Sports Imran Khan Imran Khan Contact Us Health care Health Care Center Health care issues Health Care Jobs Health care management Health care problems Health Care Services Health care system Health Care Technology Home health care Palliative care Private Health Care United health care United Healthcare What is Health Care What is primary health care Health insurance Cheap cost health insurance Dental insurance Health Care Health Insurance Health care insurance Health Insurance Benefits Health insurance companies Health Insurance Coverage Health Insurance Medical Health Insurance Medical Insurance Health Insurance Plan Medical Health Insurance Medical insurance Medical Insurance Health Insurance What is health insurance Stages of cancer Bladder cancer Blood Cancer Bone Cancer Brain Cancer Breast Cancer Symptoms Cancer Disease Cancer Information Cancer Stages Cancer Symptoms Cancer Treatment Cancer Types Causes Of Cancer Cervical cancer Colon Cancer Colorectal Cancer Esophageal Cancer Liver Cancer Lung Cancer Metastatic Cancer Mouth cancer Ovarian Cancer Skin Cancer Stomach Cancer Symptoms Of Cancer Testicular Cancer Thyroid Cancer Treatment of Cancer Types Of Cancer Uterine Cancer What is Breast Cancer What is Breast the Cancer What is Aids ABOUT AIDS About Aids HIV About HIV Aids Aids HIV AIDS to HIV AIDS what is it and AIDS HIV Aids HIV AND AIDS HIV or AIDS How do i get AIDS How do you get aids Is Aids HIV of AIDS TO AIDS What HIV and AIDS What is a AIDS What is a HIV What is AIDS and HIV What is an aids What is HIV Aids What is HIV and AIDS What is HIV What is AIDS What is it AIDS Women and health Breastfeeding Health for women Health of women Health women Women For Women International Women Health Women Health Center Women Health Clinic Women s Health Uterine Cancer Uterine Cancer Uterine Cancer Endometrial Cancer or Uterine Cancer is reason by cancer cell enlargement straight on the coating of the uterus. The majority women error the vaginal blood loss to be reason by menopause. Uterine cancer Fallacy is quite ordinary. We are going away to observe several symptoms that might or may not point to uterine cancer. They can be sourced owed to additional problems too. To corroborate whether some of these symptoms really guides to uterine cancer, you must leave to a physician to corroborate. Several of the Uterine Cancer symptoms that have been experiential in uterine cancer patients Ache in the pelvic region. Ache while urinating. Blood loss from the vaginal area. Complexity while urinating. Free from the vagina. Sore feeling while spoiling in sexual contact. Learns have exposed that blood loss from the Uterine Cancer vagina is the majority ordinary kind of Uterine Cancer symptoms that have been experiential. Originally, there may not be hemorrhage, quite a free. This will twist to blood loss later. Kinds who are the majority flat to uterine cancer Women old 50 years or extra. Endometrial hyperplasia. Women who have an add to in their hormones. This Uterine Cancer might be women who have fewer children, who have had ovarian cancer or undergone treatment for estrogen substitute. Uterine Cancer The action Uterine Cancer is not the similar for all women. Numerous issues have to be full into thought. Parts similar to age proceed of the Uterine Cancer etc. have to be reserved in intelligence. Action is either one or a mixture of these operation, radiotherapy and chemotherapy. In the first phase, if the increase of the Uterine Cancer is not that higher, doctor s office will attempt to totally eliminate the cancerous cubicle from the woman s uterus. If the Uterine Cancer illness has development, usually there is some Uterine Cancer operation down with chemo or radiotherapy. This assists to end the enlargement of cancerous cells in other fraction of the body. Note If you or in your family has disappointed the disease which is treatment less so don t disappointment here is free of coast treatment from any part of world with its full identity , please contact form donation by http //www.cheapcosthealthinsurance.com/ Tweet Be the first to comment - What do you think Posted by jmalzameer - February 7, 2012 at 1 24 pm Categories Stages of cancer , Uterine Cancer Tags About AIDS , Aids HIV , Bladder Cancer , Blood Cancer , Bone Cancer , Brain Cancer , Breast Cancer , breastfeeding , cancer disease , Cancer Information , Cancer Symptoms , Cancer Treatment , Causes Of Cancer , Cervical cancer , Cheap , Colon Cancer , Colorectal Cancer , cost , Dental insurance , Esophageal Cancer , health , Health Care Health Insurance , Health care insurance , Health care management , Health Care Services , health care system , Health for women , Health insurance , Health Insurance Benefits , Health insurance companies , Health Insurance Coverage , Health Insurance Medical , Health Insurance Medical Insurance , Health Insurance Plan , Health of women , Health women , Hiv Aids , HIV or AIDS , Home health care , How do i get AIDS , How do you get Aids , insurance , Is Aids HIV , Liver Cancer , lung cancer , Medical Health Insurance , Medical insurance , Mouth cancer , Ovarian Cancer , Private Health Care , Skin Cancer , Stage of cancer , Stomach Cancer , Symptoms Of Cancer , Testicular Cancer , Thyroid Cancer , TO AIDS , Treatment of Cancer , Types Of Cancer , United health care , United Healthcare , Uterine Cancer , What HIV and AIDS , What is a AIDS , What is aids , What is AIDS and HIV , What is an aids , What is Breast Cancer , What is health insurance , What is HIV , What is it AIDS , What is primary health care , Women and health , Women For Women International , Women Health , Women Health Center , Women Health Clinic , Women s Health Leave a Reply Cancel reply Name Email Website Comment Search for Recent Posts Metastatic Cancer Cancer Stages Cancer Types Uterine Cancer What is Breast the Cancer Recent Comments Archives February 2012 January 2012 Categories ABOUT AIDS About Aids HIV About HIV Aids Aids HIV AIDS to HIV AIDS what is it and AIDS Bladder cancer Blood Cancer Bone Cancer Brain Cancer Breast Cancer Symptoms Breastfeeding Cancer Disease Cancer Information Cancer Stages Cancer Symptoms Cancer Treatment Cancer Types Causes Of Cancer Cervical cancer Cheap cost health insurance Colon Cancer Colorectal Cancer Dental insurance Esophageal Cancer Health care Health Care Center Health Care Health Insurance Health care insurance Health care issues Health Care Jobs Health care management Health care problems Health Care Services Health care system Health Care Technology Health for women Health insurance Health Insurance Benefits Health insurance companies Health Insurance Coverage Health Insurance Medical Health Insurance Medical Insurance Health Insurance Plan Health of women Health women HIV Aids HIV AND AIDS HIV or AIDS Home health care How do i get AIDS How do you get aids Is Aids HIV Liver Cancer Lung Cancer Medical Health Insurance Medical insurance Medical Insurance Health Insurance Metastatic Cancer Mouth cancer of AIDS Ovarian Cancer Palliative care Private Health Care Skin Cancer Stages of cancer Stomach Cancer Symptoms Of Cancer Testicular Cancer Thyroid Cancer TO AIDS Treatment of Cancer Types Of Cancer United health care United Healthcare Uterine Cancer What HIV and AIDS What is a AIDS What is a HIV What is Aids What is AIDS and HIV What is an aids What is Breast Cancer What is Breast the Cancer What is Health Care What is health insurance What is HIV Aids What is HIV and AIDS What is HIV What is AIDS What is it AIDS What is primary health care Women and health Women For Women International Women Health Women Health Center Women Health Clinic Women s Health Pages Sports Imran Khan Imran Khan Contact Us WordPress Theme by HeatMapTheme.com')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00031', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Health and Insurance cheapcosthealthinsurance.com Home Sports Imran Khan Imran Khan Contact Us Health care Health Care Center Health care issues Health Care Jobs Health care management Health care problems Health Care Services Health care system Health Care Technology Home health care Palliative care Private Health Care United health care United Healthcare What is Health Care What is primary health care Health insurance Cheap cost health insurance Dental insurance Health Care Health Insurance Health care insurance Health Insurance Benefits Health insurance companies Health Insurance Coverage Health Insurance Medical Health Insurance Medical Insurance Health Insurance Plan Medical Health Insurance Medical insurance Medical Insurance Health Insurance What is health insurance Stages of cancer Bladder cancer Blood Cancer Bone Cancer Brain Cancer Breast Cancer Symptoms Cancer Disease Cancer Information Cancer Stages Cancer Symptoms Cancer Treatment Cancer Types Causes Of Cancer Cervical cancer Colon Cancer Colorectal Cancer Esophageal Cancer Liver Cancer Lung Cancer Metastatic Cancer Mouth cancer Ovarian Cancer Skin Cancer Stomach Cancer Symptoms Of Cancer Testicular Cancer Thyroid Cancer Treatment of Cancer Types Of Cancer Uterine Cancer What is Breast Cancer What is Breast the Cancer What is Aids ABOUT AIDS About Aids HIV About HIV Aids Aids HIV AIDS to HIV AIDS what is it and AIDS HIV Aids HIV AND AIDS HIV or AIDS How do i get AIDS How do you get aids Is Aids HIV of AIDS TO AIDS What HIV and AIDS What is a AIDS What is a HIV What is AIDS and HIV What is an aids What is HIV Aids What is HIV and AIDS What is HIV What is AIDS What is it AIDS Women and health Breastfeeding Health for women Health of women Health women Women For Women International Women Health Women Health Center Women Health Clinic Women s Health Cancer Types Cancer Types Cancer Types Unluckily, there is lots of populace who obtain cancer every year and have to contract with these cancer types of illnesses. One kind of tumor is blood cancer. Lots of populace speculate what are a few of the blood cancer types that populace befall ill with. Discover what several of the blood cancer types are. One of the primary ordinary cancer types of blood tumor is Leukemia. This unluckily goals fraction of your body that assist you shape your blood. There is a diversity of cancer types of Leukemia but all of them harm your aptitude to create healthy white blood cells. As populace with Leukemia need white blood cells, characteristically the complication approach from an incapability to brawl disease against the cancer itself. Unluckily, this is one of the additional ordinary tumors in children. Lymphoma is one more cancer types that populace get. This is cancer types of the lymph organization which at times is referred to as Hodgkin s lymphoma or Hodgkin s illness. What occur is that the cells within the lymphatic structure begin to not form properly. Finally it s hard to brawl diseases creation the being extremely unwell. There are also form of lymphoma that are called non-Hodgkin s lymphoma which belongings the as blood cells in its place. A third cancer types is manifold Myeloma. This cancer types is extremely unsafe just since it will influence the plasma cells in the blood. Usually the cipher of this kind of cancer is hard to mark awaiting a name have previously had several severe disease since the body can t brawl them rotten also well. You require being conscious that present is various versions of every cancer types of this tumor. a few are sharp as they emerge and damage the body rapidly as others will not be so harsh and slowly construct up if dealt with. If you require additional in order on an exact cancer types you can converse to your physician receiving all the in sequence you require concerning an extremely exact cancer types No matter what, the best advice we can give you is to start treating your cancer as rapidly as likely. The additional time you provide the cancer types in your blood to develop, the harder it will be to obtain rid of it in the finish. Blood cancer is not a fatal illness per speak, but if you do not create treat it instantly, it might extremely well be! Tweet Be the first to comment - What do you think Posted by jmalzameer - February 8, 2012 at 7 06 pm Categories Cancer Types , Stages of cancer Tags About AIDS , Aids HIV , Bladder Cancer , Blood Cancer , Bone Cancer , Brain Cancer , Breast Cancer , breastfeeding , cancer disease , Cancer Information , Cancer Symptoms , Cancer Treatment , Causes Of Cancer , Cervical cancer , Cheap , Colon Cancer , Colorectal Cancer , cost , Dental insurance , Esophageal Cancer , health , Health Care Health Insurance , Health care insurance , Health care management , Health Care Services , health care system , Health for women , Health insurance , Health Insurance Benefits , Health insurance companies , Health Insurance Coverage , Health Insurance Medical , Health Insurance Medical Insurance , Health Insurance Plan , Health of women , Health women , Hiv Aids , HIV or AIDS , Home health care , How do i get AIDS , How do you get Aids , insurance , Is Aids HIV , Liver Cancer , lung cancer , Medical Health Insurance , Medical insurance , Mouth cancer , Ovarian Cancer , Private Health Care , Skin Cancer , Stage of cancer , Stomach Cancer , Symptoms Of Cancer , Testicular Cancer , Thyroid Cancer , TO AIDS , Treatment of Cancer , Types Of Cancer , United health care , United Healthcare , Uterine Cancer , What HIV and AIDS , What is a AIDS , What is aids , What is AIDS and HIV , What is an aids , What is Breast Cancer , What is health insurance , What is HIV , What is it AIDS , What is primary health care , Women and health , Women For Women International , Women Health , Women Health Center , Women Health Clinic , Women s Health Leave a Reply Cancel reply Name Email Website Comment Search for Recent Posts Metastatic Cancer Cancer Stages Cancer Types Uterine Cancer What is Breast the Cancer Recent Comments Archives February 2012 January 2012 Categories ABOUT AIDS About Aids HIV About HIV Aids Aids HIV AIDS to HIV AIDS what is it and AIDS Bladder cancer Blood Cancer Bone Cancer Brain Cancer Breast Cancer Symptoms Breastfeeding Cancer Disease Cancer Information Cancer Stages Cancer Symptoms Cancer Treatment Cancer Types Causes Of Cancer Cervical cancer Cheap cost health insurance Colon Cancer Colorectal Cancer Dental insurance Esophageal Cancer Health care Health Care Center Health Care Health Insurance Health care insurance Health care issues Health Care Jobs Health care management Health care problems Health Care Services Health care system Health Care Technology Health for women Health insurance Health Insurance Benefits Health insurance companies Health Insurance Coverage Health Insurance Medical Health Insurance Medical Insurance Health Insurance Plan Health of women Health women HIV Aids HIV AND AIDS HIV or AIDS Home health care How do i get AIDS How do you get aids Is Aids HIV Liver Cancer Lung Cancer Medical Health Insurance Medical insurance Medical Insurance Health Insurance Metastatic Cancer Mouth cancer of AIDS Ovarian Cancer Palliative care Private Health Care Skin Cancer Stages of cancer Stomach Cancer Symptoms Of Cancer Testicular Cancer Thyroid Cancer TO AIDS Treatment of Cancer Types Of Cancer United health care United Healthcare Uterine Cancer What HIV and AIDS What is a AIDS What is a HIV What is Aids What is AIDS and HIV What is an aids What is Breast Cancer What is Breast the Cancer What is Health Care What is health insurance What is HIV Aids What is HIV and AIDS What is HIV What is AIDS What is it AIDS What is primary health care Women and health Women For Women International Women Health Women Health Center Women Health Clinic Women s Health Pages Sports Imran Khan Imran Khan Contact Us WordPress Theme by HeatMapTheme.com')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00033', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Log In Register dailyreporter.info Made Possible By Insurance and Mortgage Companies Home Breaking Business Entertainment Health Science Sports Spotlight Technology US News World Privacy Policy Featured News Local Mortgage Lender Says National Settlement Won\'t Go Far Or Fast Enough - KUHF-FM February 10, 2012 Mortgage Settlement Just the Start of Trouble for Bank of America NYSE BAC ... - Money Morning February 10, 2012 Miss. getting $47.1 million from bank settlement - CBS News February 10, 2012 Tennessee to Receive $146 Million From Nationwide Mortgage Settlement - LoanSafe February 10, 2012 Iowa\'s take of mortgage settlement $40 million - DesMoinesRegister.com February 10, 2012 $25 Billion Mortgage Agreement Doesn\'t Let Lenders Off Hook - BusinessWeek February 10, 2012 In The Spotlight Local Mortgage Lender Says National Settlement Won\'t Go Far Or Fast Enough - KUHF-FM February 10, 2012 Mortgage Settlement Just the Start of Trouble for Bank of America NYSE BAC ... - Money Morning February 10, 2012 Miss. getting $47.1 million from bank settlement - CBS News February 10, 2012 Tennessee to Receive $146 Million From Nationwide Mortgage Settlement - LoanSafe February 10, 2012 Iowa\'s take of mortgage settlement $40 million - DesMoinesRegister.com February 10, 2012 $25 Billion Mortgage Agreement Doesn\'t Let Lenders Off Hook - BusinessWeek February 10, 2012 Utah gets $171M in national mortgage settlement - CBS News February 10, 2012 Lenders to pay homeowners in nationwide settlement - Orlando Sentinel February 10, 2012 States and lenders reach settlement on foreclosure abuses - Rapid City Journal February 10, 2012 Loan Terms Made to Order - New York Times February 9, 2012 Latest Story Factors Affecting Insurance Rates If you think that because you are a good driver your insurance rates will be the lowest, then think again. Although being a good driver is something that will lower your rates, it is not the only factor used by insurance companies when setting their rates. Insurance companies have number crunchers and underwriters that look at a lot of things when setting their rates. Their job is to spread their risk as much as possible CONTINUED Greece deal uncertain as ministers quit, violence erupts USA TODAY USA TODAY Greece deal uncertain as ministers quit, violence erupts USA TODAY By Nicholas Paphitis, AP ATHENS, Greece Greece\'s future in the euro grew increasingly precarious Friday as violence erupted on the streets of Athens during a general strike. Five politicians resigned from the government after European leaders Greece caught between protests, austerity demands The Associated Press Athens reels over Greek deal on cuts Washington Post Greece 4th minister resigns over austerity Fox News New York Times - BusinessWeek - Wall Street Journal all 6,207 news articles Banks pay delinquent borrowers $35000 to sell their homes CNN Los Angeles Times Banks pay delinquent borrowers $35000 to sell their homes CNN By Les Christie @CNNMoney February 10, 2012 11 02 AM ET NEW YORK CNNMoney In an effort to cut their losses, banks are paying some struggling homeowners as much as $35000 to sell their homes before they end up in foreclosure. Mo. to get $196M from national mortgage settlement BusinessWeek $25 Billion Mortgage Agreement Doesn\'t Let US Banks Bloomberg What the $25 Billion Mortgage Settlement Means to You LoanSafe Thomson Reuters News & Insight - Zacks.com - San Antonio Express all 3,494 news articles Stocks fall on Greek deal holdup USA TODAY USA TODAY Stocks fall on Greek deal holdup USA TODAY NEW YORK AP US stocks fell sharply Friday after Greece\'s bailout deal was put on hold, a day after it seemed that the country had satisfied its creditors. By Richard Drew, AP Traders working on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange on Feb. Greek Anxiety, Weak Data Knock Stocks Sharply Lower Fox Business US Stocks Slump on Greece Woes, Data Wall Street Journal Stocks fall sharply as Greek deal is held up The Associated Press Washington Post - Reuters all 3,195 news articles Page 1 of 1,366 1 2 3 4 5 ... 1366 Trending Topics The Arrowhead Student Loans Becoming More of a Hassle - my.hsj.org February 10, 2012 Fitch Publishes Fourth Quarter 2011 Edition of the Student Loan Report Card - MarketWatch press release February 10, 2012 Student Loan Grace Period Over Now What - Fox Business February 10, 2012 Student Loans chief\'s tax deal \'was approved by top civil servant\' - The Guardian February 10, 2012 SF Indie Fest - Default The Student Loan Documentary - Beyond Chron February 10, 2012 Student loan debt Next big bubble to burst - ABC30.com February 10, 2012 Obama looks to up student loans - Twin Cities Planet February 10, 2012 Class Notes Science Fairs, Student Loans and More Education News - TIME February 9, 2012 S&P says student loan debt could be next financial bubble - Los Angeles Times February 9, 2012 Interest rates for common student loan could double this summer - Ball State Daily News February 9, 2012 Copyright 2012 dailyreporter.info . All Rights Reserved. Magazine Basic theme designed by Themes by bavotasan.com . Powered by WordPress . SEO Powered By SEOPressor')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00034', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Log In Register dailyreporter.info Made Possible By Insurance and Mortgage Companies Home Breaking Business Entertainment Health Science Sports Spotlight Technology US News World Privacy Policy Featured News Local Mortgage Lender Says National Settlement Won\'t Go Far Or Fast Enough - KUHF-FM February 10, 2012 Mortgage Settlement Just the Start of Trouble for Bank of America NYSE BAC ... - Money Morning February 10, 2012 Miss. getting $47.1 million from bank settlement - CBS News February 10, 2012 Tennessee to Receive $146 Million From Nationwide Mortgage Settlement - LoanSafe February 10, 2012 Iowa\'s take of mortgage settlement $40 million - DesMoinesRegister.com February 10, 2012 $25 Billion Mortgage Agreement Doesn\'t Let Lenders Off Hook - BusinessWeek February 10, 2012 In The Spotlight Local Mortgage Lender Says National Settlement Won\'t Go Far Or Fast Enough - KUHF-FM February 10, 2012 Mortgage Settlement Just the Start of Trouble for Bank of America NYSE BAC ... - Money Morning February 10, 2012 Miss. getting $47.1 million from bank settlement - CBS News February 10, 2012 Tennessee to Receive $146 Million From Nationwide Mortgage Settlement - LoanSafe February 10, 2012 Iowa\'s take of mortgage settlement $40 million - DesMoinesRegister.com February 10, 2012 $25 Billion Mortgage Agreement Doesn\'t Let Lenders Off Hook - BusinessWeek February 10, 2012 Utah gets $171M in national mortgage settlement - CBS News February 10, 2012 Lenders to pay homeowners in nationwide settlement - Orlando Sentinel February 10, 2012 States and lenders reach settlement on foreclosure abuses - Rapid City Journal February 10, 2012 Loan Terms Made to Order - New York Times February 9, 2012 Factors Affecting Insurance Rates If you think that because you are a good driver your insurance rates will be the lowest, then think again. Although being a good driver is something that will lower your rates, it is not the only factor used by insurance companies when setting their rates. Insurance companies have number crunchers and underwriters that look at a lot of things when setting their rates. Their job is to spread their risk as much as possible CONTINUED Central Banks in Europe Hold Line on Rates New York Times The Guardian Central Banks in Europe Hold Line on Rates New York Times FRANKFURT The European Central Bank left its main interest rate unchanged Thursday, as policy makers waited to see whether signs of improving growth meant that the euro zone economy had already put the worst behind it. Separately, the Bank of England ECB to Make Concessions on Greek Debt Wall Street Journal Draghi Slams \'Virility Statements\' as Ackermann Shuns ECB Loans BusinessWeek Draghi Criticizes Virility of Bankers as Ackermann Avoids Loans From ECB Bloomberg Reuters - Washington Post all 1,093 news articles Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked Name Email Website Trending Topics The Arrowhead Student Loans Becoming More of a Hassle - my.hsj.org February 10, 2012 Fitch Publishes Fourth Quarter 2011 Edition of the Student Loan Report Card - MarketWatch press release February 10, 2012 Student Loan Grace Period Over Now What - Fox Business February 10, 2012 Student Loans chief\'s tax deal \'was approved by top civil servant\' - The Guardian February 10, 2012 SF Indie Fest - Default The Student Loan Documentary - Beyond Chron February 10, 2012 Student loan debt Next big bubble to burst - ABC30.com February 10, 2012 Obama looks to up student loans - Twin Cities Planet February 10, 2012 Class Notes Science Fairs, Student Loans and More Education News - TIME February 9, 2012 S&P says student loan debt could be next financial bubble - Los Angeles Times February 9, 2012 Interest rates for common student loan could double this summer - Ball State Daily News February 9, 2012 Copyright 2012 dailyreporter.info . All Rights Reserved. Magazine Basic theme designed by Themes by bavotasan.com . Powered by WordPress . SEO Powered By SEOPressor')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00035', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Log In Register dailyreporter.info Made Possible By Insurance and Mortgage Companies Home Breaking Business Entertainment Health Science Sports Spotlight Technology US News World Privacy Policy Featured News Local Mortgage Lender Says National Settlement Won\'t Go Far Or Fast Enough - KUHF-FM February 10, 2012 Mortgage Settlement Just the Start of Trouble for Bank of America NYSE BAC ... - Money Morning February 10, 2012 Miss. getting $47.1 million from bank settlement - CBS News February 10, 2012 Tennessee to Receive $146 Million From Nationwide Mortgage Settlement - LoanSafe February 10, 2012 Iowa\'s take of mortgage settlement $40 million - DesMoinesRegister.com February 10, 2012 $25 Billion Mortgage Agreement Doesn\'t Let Lenders Off Hook - BusinessWeek February 10, 2012 In The Spotlight Local Mortgage Lender Says National Settlement Won\'t Go Far Or Fast Enough - KUHF-FM February 10, 2012 Mortgage Settlement Just the Start of Trouble for Bank of America NYSE BAC ... - Money Morning February 10, 2012 Miss. getting $47.1 million from bank settlement - CBS News February 10, 2012 Tennessee to Receive $146 Million From Nationwide Mortgage Settlement - LoanSafe February 10, 2012 Iowa\'s take of mortgage settlement $40 million - DesMoinesRegister.com February 10, 2012 $25 Billion Mortgage Agreement Doesn\'t Let Lenders Off Hook - BusinessWeek February 10, 2012 Utah gets $171M in national mortgage settlement - CBS News February 10, 2012 Lenders to pay homeowners in nationwide settlement - Orlando Sentinel February 10, 2012 States and lenders reach settlement on foreclosure abuses - Rapid City Journal February 10, 2012 Loan Terms Made to Order - New York Times February 9, 2012 Factors Affecting Insurance Rates If you think that because you are a good driver your insurance rates will be the lowest, then think again. Although being a good driver is something that will lower your rates, it is not the only factor used by insurance companies when setting their rates. Insurance companies have number crunchers and underwriters that look at a lot of things when setting their rates. Their job is to spread their risk as much as possible CONTINUED First Solar shares plunge after project delay CNN Forbes First Solar shares plunge after project delay CNN By Steve Hargreaves @CNNMoneyTech February 10, 2012 12 17 PM ET NEW YORK CNNMoney Shares in First Solar fell nearly 9% Friday after the solar panel maker and project developer reported a delay in funding for a massive solar farm the company is First Solar project loan delay hits stock Reuters First Solar Off; Big DOE Loan Issue; Analyst Cuts Rating Forbes First Solar Says Plant Sale in Doubt Wall Street Journal BusinessWeek - Chicago Tribune all 28 news articles Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked Name Email Website Trending Topics The Arrowhead Student Loans Becoming More of a Hassle - my.hsj.org February 10, 2012 Fitch Publishes Fourth Quarter 2011 Edition of the Student Loan Report Card - MarketWatch press release February 10, 2012 Student Loan Grace Period Over Now What - Fox Business February 10, 2012 Student Loans chief\'s tax deal \'was approved by top civil servant\' - The Guardian February 10, 2012 SF Indie Fest - Default The Student Loan Documentary - Beyond Chron February 10, 2012 Student loan debt Next big bubble to burst - ABC30.com February 10, 2012 Obama looks to up student loans - Twin Cities Planet February 10, 2012 Class Notes Science Fairs, Student Loans and More Education News - TIME February 9, 2012 S&P says student loan debt could be next financial bubble - Los Angeles Times February 9, 2012 Interest rates for common student loan could double this summer - Ball State Daily News February 9, 2012 Copyright 2012 dailyreporter.info . All Rights Reserved. Magazine Basic theme designed by Themes by bavotasan.com . Powered by WordPress . SEO Powered By SEOPressor')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00036', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Log In Register dailyreporter.info Made Possible By Insurance and Mortgage Companies Home Breaking Business Entertainment Health Science Sports Spotlight Technology US News World Privacy Policy Featured News Local Mortgage Lender Says National Settlement Won\'t Go Far Or Fast Enough - KUHF-FM February 10, 2012 Mortgage Settlement Just the Start of Trouble for Bank of America NYSE BAC ... - Money Morning February 10, 2012 Miss. getting $47.1 million from bank settlement - CBS News February 10, 2012 Tennessee to Receive $146 Million From Nationwide Mortgage Settlement - LoanSafe February 10, 2012 Iowa\'s take of mortgage settlement $40 million - DesMoinesRegister.com February 10, 2012 $25 Billion Mortgage Agreement Doesn\'t Let Lenders Off Hook - BusinessWeek February 10, 2012 In The Spotlight Local Mortgage Lender Says National Settlement Won\'t Go Far Or Fast Enough - KUHF-FM February 10, 2012 Mortgage Settlement Just the Start of Trouble for Bank of America NYSE BAC ... - Money Morning February 10, 2012 Miss. getting $47.1 million from bank settlement - CBS News February 10, 2012 Tennessee to Receive $146 Million From Nationwide Mortgage Settlement - LoanSafe February 10, 2012 Iowa\'s take of mortgage settlement $40 million - DesMoinesRegister.com February 10, 2012 $25 Billion Mortgage Agreement Doesn\'t Let Lenders Off Hook - BusinessWeek February 10, 2012 Utah gets $171M in national mortgage settlement - CBS News February 10, 2012 Lenders to pay homeowners in nationwide settlement - Orlando Sentinel February 10, 2012 States and lenders reach settlement on foreclosure abuses - Rapid City Journal February 10, 2012 Loan Terms Made to Order - New York Times February 9, 2012 Factors Affecting Insurance Rates If you think that because you are a good driver your insurance rates will be the lowest, then think again. Although being a good driver is something that will lower your rates, it is not the only factor used by insurance companies when setting their rates. Insurance companies have number crunchers and underwriters that look at a lot of things when setting their rates. Their job is to spread their risk as much as possible CONTINUED How to find out what help you can get through the foreclosure deal Washington Post CBC.ca How to find out what help you can get through the foreclosure deal Washington Post You might be wondering what the $25 billion foreclosure settlement with the big banks and states means for you, your home and the local housing market. The answer is, it depends. For homeowners and those whose homes were recently foreclosed upon, Missed Super Bowl, Frantic Talks Led to $25 Billion Bank Deal BusinessWeek Michigan to get $790M in foreclosure-abuse settlement The Detroit News $25 Billion Mortgage Agreement Doesn\'t Let U.S. Banks Off Hook San Francisco Chronicle DailyFinance - Los Angeles Times - The Seattle Times all 2,879 news articles Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked Name Email Website Trending Topics The Arrowhead Student Loans Becoming More of a Hassle - my.hsj.org February 10, 2012 Fitch Publishes Fourth Quarter 2011 Edition of the Student Loan Report Card - MarketWatch press release February 10, 2012 Student Loan Grace Period Over Now What - Fox Business February 10, 2012 Student Loans chief\'s tax deal \'was approved by top civil servant\' - The Guardian February 10, 2012 SF Indie Fest - Default The Student Loan Documentary - Beyond Chron February 10, 2012 Student loan debt Next big bubble to burst - ABC30.com February 10, 2012 Obama looks to up student loans - Twin Cities Planet February 10, 2012 Class Notes Science Fairs, Student Loans and More Education News - TIME February 9, 2012 S&P says student loan debt could be next financial bubble - Los Angeles Times February 9, 2012 Interest rates for common student loan could double this summer - Ball State Daily News February 9, 2012 Copyright 2012 dailyreporter.info . All Rights Reserved. Magazine Basic theme designed by Themes by bavotasan.com . Powered by WordPress . SEO Powered By SEOPressor')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00037', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Log In Register dailyreporter.info Made Possible By Insurance and Mortgage Companies Home Breaking Business Entertainment Health Science Sports Spotlight Technology US News World Privacy Policy Featured News Local Mortgage Lender Says National Settlement Won\'t Go Far Or Fast Enough - KUHF-FM February 10, 2012 Mortgage Settlement Just the Start of Trouble for Bank of America NYSE BAC ... - Money Morning February 10, 2012 Miss. getting $47.1 million from bank settlement - CBS News February 10, 2012 Tennessee to Receive $146 Million From Nationwide Mortgage Settlement - LoanSafe February 10, 2012 Iowa\'s take of mortgage settlement $40 million - DesMoinesRegister.com February 10, 2012 $25 Billion Mortgage Agreement Doesn\'t Let Lenders Off Hook - BusinessWeek February 10, 2012 In The Spotlight Local Mortgage Lender Says National Settlement Won\'t Go Far Or Fast Enough - KUHF-FM February 10, 2012 Mortgage Settlement Just the Start of Trouble for Bank of America NYSE BAC ... - Money Morning February 10, 2012 Miss. getting $47.1 million from bank settlement - CBS News February 10, 2012 Tennessee to Receive $146 Million From Nationwide Mortgage Settlement - LoanSafe February 10, 2012 Iowa\'s take of mortgage settlement $40 million - DesMoinesRegister.com February 10, 2012 $25 Billion Mortgage Agreement Doesn\'t Let Lenders Off Hook - BusinessWeek February 10, 2012 Utah gets $171M in national mortgage settlement - CBS News February 10, 2012 Lenders to pay homeowners in nationwide settlement - Orlando Sentinel February 10, 2012 States and lenders reach settlement on foreclosure abuses - Rapid City Journal February 10, 2012 Loan Terms Made to Order - New York Times February 9, 2012 Factors Affecting Insurance Rates If you think that because you are a good driver your insurance rates will be the lowest, then think again. Although being a good driver is something that will lower your rates, it is not the only factor used by insurance companies when setting their rates. Insurance companies have number crunchers and underwriters that look at a lot of things when setting their rates. Their job is to spread their risk as much as possible CONTINUED NYSE Euronext posts 19 pct fall in Q4 profit on costs related to failed Washington Post BBC News NYSE Euronext posts 19 pct fall in Q4 profit on costs related to failed Washington Post PARIS NYSE Euronext on Friday said costs related to its collapsed merger with German stock market Deutsche Boerse caused a slump in fourth quarter earnings. The company, which owns the main exchanges in New York and Paris among others, reported net Stocks to Watch NYSE Euronext, LinkedIn TheStreet.com Technology services boost NYSE Euronext profit Reuters NYSE Euronext Fourth-Quarter Profit Falls, Exceeding Estimates BusinessWeek NASDAQ - BBC News - DailyFinance all 153 news articles Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked Name Email Website Trending Topics The Arrowhead Student Loans Becoming More of a Hassle - my.hsj.org February 10, 2012 Fitch Publishes Fourth Quarter 2011 Edition of the Student Loan Report Card - MarketWatch press release February 10, 2012 Student Loan Grace Period Over Now What - Fox Business February 10, 2012 Student Loans chief\'s tax deal \'was approved by top civil servant\' - The Guardian February 10, 2012 SF Indie Fest - Default The Student Loan Documentary - Beyond Chron February 10, 2012 Student loan debt Next big bubble to burst - ABC30.com February 10, 2012 Obama looks to up student loans - Twin Cities Planet February 10, 2012 Class Notes Science Fairs, Student Loans and More Education News - TIME February 9, 2012 S&P says student loan debt could be next financial bubble - Los Angeles Times February 9, 2012 Interest rates for common student loan could double this summer - Ball State Daily News February 9, 2012 Copyright 2012 dailyreporter.info . All Rights Reserved. Magazine Basic theme designed by Themes by bavotasan.com . Powered by WordPress . SEO Powered By SEOPressor')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00038', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Log In Register dailyreporter.info Made Possible By Insurance and Mortgage Companies Home Breaking Business Entertainment Health Science Sports Spotlight Technology US News World Privacy Policy Featured News Local Mortgage Lender Says National Settlement Won\'t Go Far Or Fast Enough - KUHF-FM February 10, 2012 Mortgage Settlement Just the Start of Trouble for Bank of America NYSE BAC ... - Money Morning February 10, 2012 Miss. getting $47.1 million from bank settlement - CBS News February 10, 2012 Tennessee to Receive $146 Million From Nationwide Mortgage Settlement - LoanSafe February 10, 2012 Iowa\'s take of mortgage settlement $40 million - DesMoinesRegister.com February 10, 2012 $25 Billion Mortgage Agreement Doesn\'t Let Lenders Off Hook - BusinessWeek February 10, 2012 In The Spotlight Local Mortgage Lender Says National Settlement Won\'t Go Far Or Fast Enough - KUHF-FM February 10, 2012 Mortgage Settlement Just the Start of Trouble for Bank of America NYSE BAC ... - Money Morning February 10, 2012 Miss. getting $47.1 million from bank settlement - CBS News February 10, 2012 Tennessee to Receive $146 Million From Nationwide Mortgage Settlement - LoanSafe February 10, 2012 Iowa\'s take of mortgage settlement $40 million - DesMoinesRegister.com February 10, 2012 $25 Billion Mortgage Agreement Doesn\'t Let Lenders Off Hook - BusinessWeek February 10, 2012 Utah gets $171M in national mortgage settlement - CBS News February 10, 2012 Lenders to pay homeowners in nationwide settlement - Orlando Sentinel February 10, 2012 States and lenders reach settlement on foreclosure abuses - Rapid City Journal February 10, 2012 Loan Terms Made to Order - New York Times February 9, 2012 Factors Affecting Insurance Rates If you think that because you are a good driver your insurance rates will be the lowest, then think again. Although being a good driver is something that will lower your rates, it is not the only factor used by insurance companies when setting their rates. Insurance companies have number crunchers and underwriters that look at a lot of things when setting their rates. Their job is to spread their risk as much as possible CONTINUED NYSE Euronext posts 19 pct fall in Q4 profit on costs related to failed Washington Post BBC News NYSE Euronext posts 19 pct fall in Q4 profit on costs related to failed Washington Post PARIS NYSE Euronext on Friday said costs related to its collapsed merger with German stock market Deutsche Boerse caused a slump in fourth quarter earnings. The company, which owns the main exchanges in New York and Paris among others, reported net Stocks to Watch NYSE Euronext, LinkedIn TheStreet.com Technology services boost NYSE Euronext profit Reuters NYSE Euronext Fourth-Quarter Profit Falls, Exceeding Estimates BusinessWeek NASDAQ - BBC News - DailyFinance all 153 news articles Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked Name Email Website Trending Topics The Arrowhead Student Loans Becoming More of a Hassle - my.hsj.org February 10, 2012 Fitch Publishes Fourth Quarter 2011 Edition of the Student Loan Report Card - MarketWatch press release February 10, 2012 Student Loan Grace Period Over Now What - Fox Business February 10, 2012 Student Loans chief\'s tax deal \'was approved by top civil servant\' - The Guardian February 10, 2012 SF Indie Fest - Default The Student Loan Documentary - Beyond Chron February 10, 2012 Student loan debt Next big bubble to burst - ABC30.com February 10, 2012 Obama looks to up student loans - Twin Cities Planet February 10, 2012 Class Notes Science Fairs, Student Loans and More Education News - TIME February 9, 2012 S&P says student loan debt could be next financial bubble - Los Angeles Times February 9, 2012 Interest rates for common student loan could double this summer - Ball State Daily News February 9, 2012 Copyright 2012 dailyreporter.info . All Rights Reserved. Magazine Basic theme designed by Themes by bavotasan.com . Powered by WordPress . SEO Powered By SEOPressor')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00039', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Log In Register dailyreporter.info Made Possible By Insurance and Mortgage Companies Home Breaking Business Entertainment Health Science Sports Spotlight Technology US News World Privacy Policy Featured News Local Mortgage Lender Says National Settlement Won\'t Go Far Or Fast Enough - KUHF-FM February 10, 2012 Mortgage Settlement Just the Start of Trouble for Bank of America NYSE BAC ... - Money Morning February 10, 2012 Miss. getting $47.1 million from bank settlement - CBS News February 10, 2012 Tennessee to Receive $146 Million From Nationwide Mortgage Settlement - LoanSafe February 10, 2012 Iowa\'s take of mortgage settlement $40 million - DesMoinesRegister.com February 10, 2012 $25 Billion Mortgage Agreement Doesn\'t Let Lenders Off Hook - BusinessWeek February 10, 2012 In The Spotlight Local Mortgage Lender Says National Settlement Won\'t Go Far Or Fast Enough - KUHF-FM February 10, 2012 Mortgage Settlement Just the Start of Trouble for Bank of America NYSE BAC ... - Money Morning February 10, 2012 Miss. getting $47.1 million from bank settlement - CBS News February 10, 2012 Tennessee to Receive $146 Million From Nationwide Mortgage Settlement - LoanSafe February 10, 2012 Iowa\'s take of mortgage settlement $40 million - DesMoinesRegister.com February 10, 2012 $25 Billion Mortgage Agreement Doesn\'t Let Lenders Off Hook - BusinessWeek February 10, 2012 Utah gets $171M in national mortgage settlement - CBS News February 10, 2012 Lenders to pay homeowners in nationwide settlement - Orlando Sentinel February 10, 2012 States and lenders reach settlement on foreclosure abuses - Rapid City Journal February 10, 2012 Loan Terms Made to Order - New York Times February 9, 2012 Factors Affecting Insurance Rates If you think that because you are a good driver your insurance rates will be the lowest, then think again. Although being a good driver is something that will lower your rates, it is not the only factor used by insurance companies when setting their rates. Insurance companies have number crunchers and underwriters that look at a lot of things when setting their rates. Their job is to spread their risk as much as possible CONTINUED Total raises capex as higher costs squeeze margin Reuters Irish Times Total raises capex as higher costs squeeze margin Reuters By Caroline Jacobs and Muriel Boselli PARIS Reuters French oil major Total SA TOTF.PA pledged to raise its capital expenditure to $24 billion in 2012, joining an industry trend for big oil companies to have to spend more on exploration and Total\'s Profit Rises on High Oil Prices Wall Street Journal Total\'s profits jump 16% on higher oil prices AFP Total plans increased investment Irish Times The Associated Press - Bloomberg all 154 news articles Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked Name Email Website Trending Topics The Arrowhead Student Loans Becoming More of a Hassle - my.hsj.org February 10, 2012 Fitch Publishes Fourth Quarter 2011 Edition of the Student Loan Report Card - MarketWatch press release February 10, 2012 Student Loan Grace Period Over Now What - Fox Business February 10, 2012 Student Loans chief\'s tax deal \'was approved by top civil servant\' - The Guardian February 10, 2012 SF Indie Fest - Default The Student Loan Documentary - Beyond Chron February 10, 2012 Student loan debt Next big bubble to burst - ABC30.com February 10, 2012 Obama looks to up student loans - Twin Cities Planet February 10, 2012 Class Notes Science Fairs, Student Loans and More Education News - TIME February 9, 2012 S&P says student loan debt could be next financial bubble - Los Angeles Times February 9, 2012 Interest rates for common student loan could double this summer - Ball State Daily News February 9, 2012 Copyright 2012 dailyreporter.info . All Rights Reserved. Magazine Basic theme designed by Themes by bavotasan.com . Powered by WordPress . SEO Powered By SEOPressor')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00040', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Log In Register dailyreporter.info Made Possible By Insurance and Mortgage Companies Home Breaking Business Entertainment Health Science Sports Spotlight Technology US News World Privacy Policy Featured News Local Mortgage Lender Says National Settlement Won\'t Go Far Or Fast Enough - KUHF-FM February 10, 2012 Mortgage Settlement Just the Start of Trouble for Bank of America NYSE BAC ... - Money Morning February 10, 2012 Miss. getting $47.1 million from bank settlement - CBS News February 10, 2012 Tennessee to Receive $146 Million From Nationwide Mortgage Settlement - LoanSafe February 10, 2012 Iowa\'s take of mortgage settlement $40 million - DesMoinesRegister.com February 10, 2012 $25 Billion Mortgage Agreement Doesn\'t Let Lenders Off Hook - BusinessWeek February 10, 2012 In The Spotlight Local Mortgage Lender Says National Settlement Won\'t Go Far Or Fast Enough - KUHF-FM February 10, 2012 Mortgage Settlement Just the Start of Trouble for Bank of America NYSE BAC ... - Money Morning February 10, 2012 Miss. getting $47.1 million from bank settlement - CBS News February 10, 2012 Tennessee to Receive $146 Million From Nationwide Mortgage Settlement - LoanSafe February 10, 2012 Iowa\'s take of mortgage settlement $40 million - DesMoinesRegister.com February 10, 2012 $25 Billion Mortgage Agreement Doesn\'t Let Lenders Off Hook - BusinessWeek February 10, 2012 Utah gets $171M in national mortgage settlement - CBS News February 10, 2012 Lenders to pay homeowners in nationwide settlement - Orlando Sentinel February 10, 2012 States and lenders reach settlement on foreclosure abuses - Rapid City Journal February 10, 2012 Loan Terms Made to Order - New York Times February 9, 2012 Factors Affecting Insurance Rates If you think that because you are a good driver your insurance rates will be the lowest, then think again. Although being a good driver is something that will lower your rates, it is not the only factor used by insurance companies when setting their rates. Insurance companies have number crunchers and underwriters that look at a lot of things when setting their rates. Their job is to spread their risk as much as possible CONTINUED Report Donations Given To Phantom Company By Wyclef Jean s Charity Cinema Blend Fox News Report Donations Given To Phantom Company By Wyclef Jean\'s Charity Cinema Blend On January 12th, 2010, an earthquake devastated Haiti, killing many and further impoverishing the nation. A slew of donations poured in to help the relief effort, nearly sixteen million dollars to the Wyclef Jean-run charity Yele alone. Wyclef Jean defends Haiti charity\'s actions MiamiHerald.com Questions Raised Over Allotment of Wyclef Jean\'s Haiti Fund Fox News Wyclef Jean Defends Charity in Wake of Questionable Spending Report Hollywood Reporter Reuters - Washington Post all 131 news articles Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked Name Email Website Trending Topics The Arrowhead Student Loans Becoming More of a Hassle - my.hsj.org February 10, 2012 Fitch Publishes Fourth Quarter 2011 Edition of the Student Loan Report Card - MarketWatch press release February 10, 2012 Student Loan Grace Period Over Now What - Fox Business February 10, 2012 Student Loans chief\'s tax deal \'was approved by top civil servant\' - The Guardian February 10, 2012 SF Indie Fest - Default The Student Loan Documentary - Beyond Chron February 10, 2012 Student loan debt Next big bubble to burst - ABC30.com February 10, 2012 Obama looks to up student loans - Twin Cities Planet February 10, 2012 Class Notes Science Fairs, Student Loans and More Education News - TIME February 9, 2012 S&P says student loan debt could be next financial bubble - Los Angeles Times February 9, 2012 Interest rates for common student loan could double this summer - Ball State Daily News February 9, 2012 Copyright 2012 dailyreporter.info . All Rights Reserved. Magazine Basic theme designed by Themes by bavotasan.com . Powered by WordPress . SEO Powered By SEOPressor')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00041', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Log In Register dailyreporter.info Made Possible By Insurance and Mortgage Companies Home Breaking Business Entertainment Health Science Sports Spotlight Technology US News World Privacy Policy Featured News Local Mortgage Lender Says National Settlement Won\'t Go Far Or Fast Enough - KUHF-FM February 10, 2012 Mortgage Settlement Just the Start of Trouble for Bank of America NYSE BAC ... - Money Morning February 10, 2012 Miss. getting $47.1 million from bank settlement - CBS News February 10, 2012 Tennessee to Receive $146 Million From Nationwide Mortgage Settlement - LoanSafe February 10, 2012 Iowa\'s take of mortgage settlement $40 million - DesMoinesRegister.com February 10, 2012 $25 Billion Mortgage Agreement Doesn\'t Let Lenders Off Hook - BusinessWeek February 10, 2012 In The Spotlight Local Mortgage Lender Says National Settlement Won\'t Go Far Or Fast Enough - KUHF-FM February 10, 2012 Mortgage Settlement Just the Start of Trouble for Bank of America NYSE BAC ... - Money Morning February 10, 2012 Miss. getting $47.1 million from bank settlement - CBS News February 10, 2012 Tennessee to Receive $146 Million From Nationwide Mortgage Settlement - LoanSafe February 10, 2012 Iowa\'s take of mortgage settlement $40 million - DesMoinesRegister.com February 10, 2012 $25 Billion Mortgage Agreement Doesn\'t Let Lenders Off Hook - BusinessWeek February 10, 2012 Utah gets $171M in national mortgage settlement - CBS News February 10, 2012 Lenders to pay homeowners in nationwide settlement - Orlando Sentinel February 10, 2012 States and lenders reach settlement on foreclosure abuses - Rapid City Journal February 10, 2012 Loan Terms Made to Order - New York Times February 9, 2012 Factors Affecting Insurance Rates If you think that because you are a good driver your insurance rates will be the lowest, then think again. Although being a good driver is something that will lower your rates, it is not the only factor used by insurance companies when setting their rates. Insurance companies have number crunchers and underwriters that look at a lot of things when setting their rates. Their job is to spread their risk as much as possible CONTINUED Search for missing sailors to resume Irish Times USA Today Search for missing sailors to resume Irish Times The search for five Russian seamen who are missing in the Irish Sea will resume this morning. Their cargo ship sank in gale-force winds some 20 miles south of Holyhead, Wales, early yesterday. Two of eight crew on board the MV Swanland were rescued by One crewman recovered, five missing in sinking off north Wales BBC News New search for five missing seamen The Press Association UK Prince William joins Irish Sea rescue mission of the Russian crew missing eTaiwan News Telegraph.co.uk - The Guardian - Sydney Morning Herald all 1,098 news articles Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked Name Email Website Trending Topics The Arrowhead Student Loans Becoming More of a Hassle - my.hsj.org February 10, 2012 Fitch Publishes Fourth Quarter 2011 Edition of the Student Loan Report Card - MarketWatch press release February 10, 2012 Student Loan Grace Period Over Now What - Fox Business February 10, 2012 Student Loans chief\'s tax deal \'was approved by top civil servant\' - The Guardian February 10, 2012 SF Indie Fest - Default The Student Loan Documentary - Beyond Chron February 10, 2012 Student loan debt Next big bubble to burst - ABC30.com February 10, 2012 Obama looks to up student loans - Twin Cities Planet February 10, 2012 Class Notes Science Fairs, Student Loans and More Education News - TIME February 9, 2012 S&P says student loan debt could be next financial bubble - Los Angeles Times February 9, 2012 Interest rates for common student loan could double this summer - Ball State Daily News February 9, 2012 Copyright 2012 dailyreporter.info . All Rights Reserved. Magazine Basic theme designed by Themes by bavotasan.com . Powered by WordPress . SEO Powered By SEOPressor')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00043', '> Earn 4 invite .com [ Signup bonus on joining 5$ ] [ Pay per referral link visit 1$ ] [ minimum payout balance 90$] Home Register Login Terms & Conditions Contact Us Earn4invite Media Earn4invite advertising media is leading online advertising company. Earn4invite.com is easy money earning system by sharing referral links to your friends, family and others people through websites, blogs, forums, social media, facebook wall, facebook pages, groups, twitter, chat rooms and other media. High revenue sharing Signup bonus 5$ | per referral link visit 1$ | min payout 90$ - Signup free and get your referral link - Share with your friends and earn 1$ per referral link visit - Get payment at end of month min 90$ through Alertpay, Liberty reserve, money bookers & Western Union - Just refer the referral link and you will get earning when other users will open your link. Payment through Username Password Recent payouts Updating..... - Sansni 100$ - Savidww 190$ - KeySOSO 120$ - SaumeraHit 170$ - Click44 125$ - Salman33 108$ - Pakrockz 130$ - Michels 180$ Earn4invite.com | Copy right 2011 - All Rights reserved')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00044', '> Earn 4 invite .com [ Signup bonus on joining 5$ ] [ Pay per referral link visit 1$ ] [ minimum payout balance 90$] Home Register Login Terms & Conditions Contact Us Earn4invite Media Earn4invite advertising media is leading online advertising company. Earn4invite.com is easy money earning system by sharing referral links to your friends, family and others people through websites, blogs, forums, social media, facebook wall, facebook pages, groups, twitter, chat rooms and other media. Signup bonus 5$ | per referral link visit 1$ | min payout 90$ Payment through')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00045', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"> Upload video | Upload Photo | Upload Audio Home Videos Channels Groups Collections Signup Photos Audios Welcome Guest ! Please Login or Register Groups Collections Users Videos Photos Audio Please donate to and support the Fatal Error Network Leave a message after the beep mirror Loading player, please wait.... This content requires JavaScript and Macromedia Flash Player 7 or higher. Get Flash Like Dislike 1 Likes, 0 Dislikes My Favorite! Shared / Embed Add to Playlist Report Share or Embed this Video cancel Embed Code iframe width "300" height "250" src "http //fatalerrornetwork.com/player/embed_player.php vid 2029&width 300&height 250&autoplay yes" frameborder "0" allowfullscreen> /iframe> Player size Default 300x250 Small 440x272 Medium 540x334 Large 600x370 Embed type Iframe Embed Object Link This Video Share this video Seperate usernames with comma Message optional Flag this Video cancel Please select the category that most closely reflects your concern about the video, so that we can review it and determine whether it violates our Community Guidelines or isn\'t appropriate for all viewers. Abusing this feature is also a violation of the Community Guidelines, so don\'t do it. Inappropriate Content Copyright infringement Sexual Content Violence or repulsive content Spam Disturbing Other Add this Video to playlist cancel Please select playlist name from following or create new playlist Enter Playlist name or Select from list View Profile View Videos Subscribe Uploaded by RHPSmagenta 6 hours ago Views 71 Duration 01 06 Comments 0 mirrored for Shredder FUCK YOU JDUBS! Original was uploaded on http //www.youtube.com/ShredderLivesOn who now has a two week suspension thanks to this flag . Please sub to his backup... More mirrored for Shredder FUCK YOU JDUBS! Original was uploaded on http //www.youtube.com/ShredderLivesOn who now has a two week suspension thanks to this flag . Please sub to his backup channel http //www.youtube.com/CurseOfShredder Less ShredderLivesOn CurseOfShredder JDubs freespeech free speech censorship Category Activism , People and Blogs , Rants and Drama , Uncategorized Comments 0 Add Comment Please login to comment More from RHPSmagenta 03 22 bette davis eyes Views 5 RHPSmagenta 04 37 Elliot vs Pressure Views 6 RHPSmagenta 05 44 Elliot s friend... Views 9 RHPSmagenta 02 37 Elliot is for HIV _ AIDS Views 3 RHPSmagenta 01 15 Cassius elliot brown time... Views 3 RHPSmagenta 01 09 apology for... Views 7 RHPSmagenta 02 12 WARNING ELLIOT - The Window... Views 3 RHPSmagenta 02 41 False Flagged by Elliot again Views 5 RHPSmagenta 01 47 THE CLONE WAR HAS STARTED Views 3 RHPSmagenta 01 13 password FTW - YouTube Views 2 RHPSmagenta 03 36 PljearnOrder aka Cassius... Views 6 RHPSmagenta 06 40 Cappy denies confession again Views 3 RHPSmagenta - Change Language - English Fatal Error Network 2012 Home Contact Us Chat About us Terms of Serivce Help Forged by ClipBucket Theme by CCM Forged by ClipBucket | Arslan Hassan')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00046', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"> Welcome Guest! Register User Login Home Video On Demand Our YouTube Channel Join Us On FaceBook Follow Us On Twitter Upload Central Alberta TV Live - A new way to watch tv, your tv! Welcome to Central Alberta TV If you have troubles playing the live stream, remember to click the yellow info bar at the top of the page and allow the content to be viewed on this page. Note On Internet Explorer 9, the info bar is at the bottom of the page. This setting is only for Internet Explorer. All other web browsers such as FireFox and Safari may require 3rd party plugins to view streaming windows media video. We recommend FireFox for the best security and compatibility. The WMV plugin for FireFox can be downloaded by clicking HERE . MAC users may need to install a plugin called Flip4Mac, which will enable Windows Media content on your MAC operating system. It may be obtained HERE . Although we make it our best effort to balance quality vs. streaming performance, some Internet Service Providers only allow a 4-10 MB burst speed, after which they "throttle" your speed down. Speed test sites may show you a "3.0 mbps" data transfer rate for example , but they only test the first 4 MB signifigantly smaller than any video content , and as a result anything larger than that my slow down to as low as "0.50 mbps" which is too slow for streaming video. We are not able to guarantee your ISP is able to provide sufficient speed to properly stream video, however if you are experiencing buffering issues, please contact your ISP to see if your internet package supports real time streaming or if they are able to adjust your overall download rates to support it. We are sorry for any inconvenience that is a result of your ISP\'s bandwidth policies. Recently Viewed Central Alberta TV RSS Feeds Links About Us Privacy Policy Terms Of Use Advertise')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00047', 'dir "ltr" lang "en"> Skip to content Home About Recipes How to Use Herbs & Spices Believe It Or Not, You Can Shred Chicken in your Kitchen-Aid! 20 Minute Chicken Parmesan Posted on December 7, 2011 by Patty G This recipe is another family favorite that I make often. It s pretty easy and comes together quickly. Serve with salad and garlic bread and you have a delicious meal in a minimal amount of time. 4 boneless, skinless, chicken breasts 1 pound I usually cut the chicken breasts in half or use chicken tenders 1 egg, slightly beaten c. seasoned bread crumbs I use the Italian seasoned bread crumbs 2 tablespoons margarine probably more like 4 or 6 tablespoons 1-3/4 cups prego spaghetti sauce this is barely enough sauce so you might want to add another cup or so cup shredded mozzarella 2 oz. I don t know if I use 2 oz. I just add as much as I think looks good 1 tablespoon grated parmesan cup chopped fresh parsley Using palm of hand, flatten chicken to even thickness. Dip chicken in egg, then in crumbs to coat. In skillet over medium heat, in hot margarine, brown chicken on both sides. Add Prego sauce. Reduce heat. Cover, simmer 10 minutes. Sprinkle with cheese and parsley. Cover. Simmer five minutes or until cheese melts. Serve over cooked spaghetti. You might also like Parmesan Breadsticks Italian Garlic Toast Italian Bread This entry was posted in Recipes and tagged Chicken , dinner , Mozzarella , pasta , quick dinner recipe , recipe . Bookmark the permalink . How to Use Herbs & Spices Believe It Or Not, You Can Shred Chicken in your Kitchen-Aid! Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked Name Email Website Comment You may use these HTML tags and attributes a href "" title ""> abbr title ""> acronym title ""> b> blockquote cite ""> cite> code> del datetime ""> em> i> q cite ""> strike> strong> Subscribe Your email Search for Recent Posts Where Are My Keys Aluminum Foil Frustration No More! Homemade Hamburger Buns Appliances Use With Caution! What s For Dinner Categories Cooking Entertaining House Cleaning Menu Planning Menus Money Odds and Ends Organizing Recipes Time Management Proudly powered by WordPress.')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00048', 'dir "ltr" lang "en"> Skip to content Home About Recipes 20 Minute Chicken Parmesan Warehouse Shopping Cost Effective or Costly Believe It Or Not, You Can Shred Chicken in your Kitchen-Aid! Posted on December 8, 2011 by Patty G I ve talked about this before, the miraculous discovery that my kitchen-aid paddle attachment will shred chicken. No more forks and aching hands. Throw it in, chop it up and you re done! But just in case you don t believe me, because it definitely sounds too good to be true, here s the proof Boil the chicken. Remove from pan and place on cutting board. Cut chicken breasts into halves. I don t know if you absolutely have to do this but I did. Put the chicken in the kitchen-aid bowl with the paddle attachment. Process the chicken for about 45 seconds on low speed. And there you have it beautifully shredded chicken in a fraction of the time it takes with two forks. If I hadn t seen it with my own eyes, I wouldn t have believed it. I have a friend who has a stand-up mixer that isn t a Kitchen-Aid . Her mixer has two beaters instead of one paddle. She tried shredding her chicken with her mixer and it worked just fine. So next time you need shredded chicken, skip the forks and use your Kitchen-Aid. It s a miracle!!! You might also like I Love My Kitchen-Aid Shredded BBQ Chicken Sandwiches, Fries & Green Beans This entry was posted in Cooking and tagged Chicken , Cooking techniques , Kitchen-Aid . Bookmark the permalink . 20 Minute Chicken Parmesan Warehouse Shopping Cost Effective or Costly 2 Responses to Believe It Or Not, You Can Shred Chicken in your Kitchen-Aid! Pingback Crock Pot Ham & Swiss Chicken | Pingback Slow Cooker Chicken Tortillas | Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked Name Email Website Comment You may use these HTML tags and attributes a href "" title ""> abbr title ""> acronym title ""> b> blockquote cite ""> cite> code> del datetime ""> em> i> q cite ""> strike> strong> Subscribe Your email Search for Recent Posts Where Are My Keys Aluminum Foil Frustration No More! Homemade Hamburger Buns Appliances Use With Caution! What s For Dinner Categories Cooking Entertaining House Cleaning Menu Planning Menus Money Odds and Ends Organizing Recipes Time Management Proudly powered by WordPress.')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00049', 'dir "ltr" lang "en"> Skip to content Home About Recipes Organizing by Grouping 20 Minute Chicken Parmesan How to Use Herbs & Spices Posted on December 6, 2011 by Patty G Can you imagine foods without any herbs or spices Not a pleasant thought at all. Herbs and spices make our food taste delicious. It s fun to experiment with different combinations and sometimes our experiments work and sometimes they don t. So in order to increase our chances for success as we experiment, I ve created a chart listing many of the common herbs and spices and how they can be used. I also included at the end of the chart some other specialty spices I have in my collection and where you can get more information about them. My personal favorite is Chef Paul Prudhomme s Herbal Pizza & Pasta Magic . I use this spice every time I make pizza. In fact, I sprinkle it on the dough and skip the sauce. It s delicious! My daughter and daughter-in-law use the spice in addition to their sauce. However you use it, it s awesome! Now, before you take a look at the chart, here are a few interesting facts I discovered while I was doing research. Did you know You can make your own seasoned salt using this recipe cup salt 1 tablespoon celery salt 1 tablespoon garlic salt 1 tablespoon paprika 1 teaspoon onion powder 1 teaspoon dry mustard 1 teaspoon pepper Mix ingredients in a blender for 20 seconds; store in a tightly covered container. The difference between black pepper and white pepper is that black pepper is ground peppercorns the dried berries of the pepper vine and white pepper is ground from ripened berries of the pepper vine before they re dried but after the husks have been removed. White pepper is slightly less spicy than black pepper. It s used to season bland, light colored foods such as eggs, cream soups and sauces dishes which might not look so appetizing with specks of black pepper. The difference between red pepper and paprika is that red pepper, also called cayenne pepper, is ground from dried chili peppers and is pungent and hot while paprika is ground from certain varieties of sweet red peppers and has a sweet flavor although it may be quite hot. 1 teaspoon dried herbs from the can or jar 1 tablespoon fresh herbs Dried herbs have a stronger flavor if you crush them between your fingers before adding them to food. Herbs and spices are not the same. Herbs are leafy, green plant parts used for flavoring or as a garnish. Spices are dried seeds, fruits, roots, barks or vegetative substances used in small amounts as food additives for flavor, color or preservatives. And as promised, here s the chart Download This entry was posted in Cooking and tagged herbs , spices . Bookmark the permalink . Organizing by Grouping 20 Minute Chicken Parmesan Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked Name Email Website Comment You may use these HTML tags and attributes a href "" title ""> abbr title ""> acronym title ""> b> blockquote cite ""> cite> code> del datetime ""> em> i> q cite ""> strike> strong> Subscribe Your email Search for Recent Posts Where Are My Keys Aluminum Foil Frustration No More! Homemade Hamburger Buns Appliances Use With Caution! What s For Dinner Categories Cooking Entertaining House Cleaning Menu Planning Menus Money Odds and Ends Organizing Recipes Time Management Proudly powered by WordPress.')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00050', 'dir "ltr" lang "en"> Skip to content Home About Recipes Warehouse Shopping Cost Effective or Costly Refrigerator Cinnamon Rolls Swiss Steak Mozzarella Crock Pot Directions, too Posted on December 10, 2011 by Patty G This is a really good recipe one of my favorites but it does take a little time. It s not hard the steak just has to cook for a while. That being said, I made this once in the crock pot and it turned out just as good. I ll provide crock pot directions at the end in case you want to try it that way. 2 pounds round steak 3 tbsp. flour cup margarine 1 can petite diced tomatoes 1-1/2 tsp. salt 2 to 4 tsp. basil leaves 1/8 tsp. pepper c. chopped onions c. green pepper, diced I use the whole green pepper 1-1/2 cups mozzarella, shredded Cut meat in serving-sized pieces. Coat with flour. In a large covered skillet, melt the margarine and brown meat slowly on both sides. Add tomatoes, salt, basil and pepper. Cover and simmer one hour. Add onions and green pepper. Cook 30 more minutes or until meat is tender. Top meat with cheese. Heat until cheese melts. - Crock Pot Directions You can either brown the meat in the skillet or skip that step it s up to you. Either way works. I did not brown my meat in the skillet. In my opinion that eliminates some of the benefit of the crock pot. I just want to throw everything in and be done with it. Grease your crock pot with pam. Mix the tomatoes, salt, basil, pepper, onions and green pepper together. Layer as follows serving sized round steak pieces tomato mixture spread evenly over meat Remaining steak pieces Remaining tomato mixture spread evenly over meat Cover and cook on low for 6 to 8 hours. Serve with a bowl of mozzarella cheese to put on top of steak. This entry was posted in Recipes and tagged beef , crock pot , dinner , Mozzarella , recipe , round steak . Bookmark the permalink . Warehouse Shopping Cost Effective or Costly Refrigerator Cinnamon Rolls One Response to Swiss Steak Mozzarella Crock Pot Directions, too Pingback Onion Roasted Potatoes | Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked Name Email Website Comment You may use these HTML tags and attributes a href "" title ""> abbr title ""> acronym title ""> b> blockquote cite ""> cite> code> del datetime ""> em> i> q cite ""> strike> strong> Subscribe Your email Search for Recent Posts Where Are My Keys Aluminum Foil Frustration No More! Homemade Hamburger Buns Appliances Use With Caution! What s For Dinner Categories Cooking Entertaining House Cleaning Menu Planning Menus Money Odds and Ends Organizing Recipes Time Management Proudly powered by WordPress.')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00051', 'dir "ltr" lang "en"> Skip to content Home About Recipes Believe It Or Not, You Can Shred Chicken in your Kitchen-Aid! Swiss Steak Mozzarella Crock Pot Directions, too Warehouse Shopping Cost Effective or Costly Posted on December 9, 2011 by Elizabeth Warehouse shopping, such as at Costco and Sam s , can be a great way to save money but it can also lead to the destruction of a good grocery budget. It all depends on how you shop there. First, let s look at the cost and benefits of a membership. A membership to Sam s costs $40 or $100 per year depending on the type of membership you chose. The Advantage membership is $40 and allows for 2 cardholders and the ability to purchase products in-store and online. The Advantage Plus is $100 and allows for 2 card holders, extended shopping hours, extra coupons and a percentage of savings on generic and name brand prescriptions. Costo s membership ranges from $55-$110 per year. The Gold Star membership is $55 and allows for 2 card holders, extra coupons mailed to you monthly, and the ability to purchase in-store and online. The Executive Gold Star membership is $110 and allows for 2 card holders, extra coupons in the mail, and 2% cash back on all purchases throughout the year. You will get a check at the end of the year for your percentage back. If the total does not equal $55, you can take your check in and they will refund the difference. Outside the normal expected goods at warehouses, they also have excellent competitive prices on prescriptions, tires, contact lenses, glasses and much more. Throughout the year you can find excellent prices on toys, books, clothing, Halloween costumes, movies and CDs, and specialty items. Our family has a membership to Costco and we figured out that if we only bought milk there regularly we would pay for our membership 2.5x in a year with the amount we save! And now I want to tell you the secret to saving at warehouses. Are you listening very closely It s all about what you buy and knowing your prices . Just because something is sold at a warehouse does NOT mean it s a better deal than your neighborhood grocery store. You must look at the unit price to see if it s a better deal. If you aren t familiar with that term, unit price is figured by calculating the total price times the number of items the package contains. I often pull out my calculator and check unit prices while I m at Costco to compare it to what I know the grocery store price is to see if it s a better deal. Some people hesitate to shop at warehouses because the quantities are often so large. If you have room in your pantry or freezer and your family will consume something in reasonable time, then it might be well worth it. Another way to get around the large quantity is going in with a friend to split the purchase. My sister-in-law and I have shared huge packages of toilet paper, fruit and other things to help us both with our budgets and storage space. Bottom line when you re warehouse shopping, go with a list and a set amount to spend and stick with it. This week s challenge . If you re a warehouse member, try calculating this week to see if what you are buying is really a better deal than the grocery store. If you aren t already a member, ask a friend who is if you can accompany them. Sometimes you can also get a guest pass for a day to test out a membership. - Other articles you might like Grocery Gateway Opening the Door to Savings Through Stockpiling and Coupons Grocery Gateway - Saving Money With Coupons! Grocery Gateway Organizing Your Coupons Grocery Gateway Developing a Strategy & Making a List Grocery Gateway Stockpiling Retail Shopping Ways to Save Drugstore Shopping Yes, There Are Great Deals! This entry was posted in Money , Odds and Ends and tagged bulk buying , saving money , unit price , warehouse shopping . Bookmark the permalink . Believe It Or Not, You Can Shred Chicken in your Kitchen-Aid! Swiss Steak Mozzarella Crock Pot Directions, too 2 Responses to Warehouse Shopping Cost Effective or Costly becky says December 12, 2011 at 1 33 pm My parents have a costco membership. They buy their gas there, and my dad calculated they save $90.00/year just from gas. I have a sam s mbrshp, and I m not sure if we re saving as much as we could because I just don t like driving over there, but I do try to buy milk there as often as I can. Also, produce is cheap, and I only buy their butter. Reply Elizabeth says December 13, 2011 at 1 51 pm I hadn t thought about the gas savings, but that is usually around .05 cents less per gallon all the time. And you re right, they have excellent produce! Reply Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked Name Email Website Comment You may use these HTML tags and attributes a href "" title ""> abbr title ""> acronym title ""> b> blockquote cite ""> cite> code> del datetime ""> em> i> q cite ""> strike> strong> Subscribe Your email Search for Recent Posts Where Are My Keys Aluminum Foil Frustration No More! Homemade Hamburger Buns Appliances Use With Caution! What s For Dinner Categories Cooking Entertaining House Cleaning Menu Planning Menus Money Odds and Ends Organizing Recipes Time Management Proudly powered by WordPress.')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00053', 'dir \'ltr\'> SariminGeek.com ShareLove Search News Links Partners Newsletter ContactUs Berita Umum Terkini The Bourne Legacy Baru Tidak Lagi D.. 10.02.2012 Buaya Buntung Inul Daratista Ngebor 10.02.2012 Photo Video Gelombang Tsunami Flori.. 08.02.2012 Video Unik Mercedes-Benz Punya Taks.. 08.02.2012 Vedeo Klip MDNA Madonna, Geve Me Al.. 06.02.2012 Photo Belgia Melecehkan Islam Mengg.. 05.02.2012 Pilot Lion Air Dibekuk Usai Pakai S.. 04.02.2012 Photo Video Detail Ferrari F2012 Fo.. 04.02.2012 Berita IT Terkini Winamp Pro Untuk Pengguna Android 06.02.2012 Microsoft Windows 8 Secepatnya Diri.. 24.01.2012 RapidShare.com Tak Takut Ditutup Se.. 22.01.2012 Apa Itu SOPA Stop Online Piracy Ac.. 22.01.2012 Hi, I\'m Dead Now. App Facebook Pesa.. 14.01.2012 Street Fighter IV HD Hadir Di OS An.. 12.01.2012 Ikuti Segera, Facebook\'s 2012 Hacke.. 06.01.2012 RIM Diskon 60% BlackBerry PlayBook .. 05.01.2012 Home > News > News > The Bourne Legacy Baru Tidak Lagi Di Bintangi Matt Damon Bookmarks Share Blog Categories Ads Network 2 Anti Virus 31 Blogger 24 Browser 14 CentOS 6 Debian 1 Download 29 Facebook 18 Fedora 18 Fennec 1 FireFox 3 51 Free Domain 1 Free Hosting 5 FriendFeed 1 Gadget 56 Games 4 GIMP 1 Google 89 Google Chrome 22 Hardware Review 23 HTML 4 Internet Explorer 4 Linux Advanced 1 Linux Beginner 6 Linux Mint 27 Linux Review 60 Mandriva 6 Microsoft 33 Mozilla 12 MySQL 4 Network 15 OpenOffice.org 7 OpenSUSE 3 Other 19 PHP 1 Plurk 2 Puppy Linux 4 Science 10 Scientific Linux 4 Security 28 SEO 10 Skype 3 Smartphone 15 Software Review 119 Twitter 22 Ubuntu 56 Web Resource 41 Widgets 8 Windows 104 Yahoo! 22 YouTube 7 Statistik AntiVirus McAfee ClamAV Norton Ansav Avast AVG Kaspersky Avira BitDefender ESET Nod32 F-Secure TrendMicro Linux Distributions CentOS Damn Small Linu.. Debian Fedora Freespire Gentoo gOS Knoppix Kubuntu Linux Mint Mandriva openSUSE PCLinuxOS Puppy Linux SabayonLinux Slackintosh Slackware SLAX Ubuntu VectorLinux Xandros Xubuntu Zenwalk Banner Tahukah Anda " Alexander Fleming adalah menemukan penicillin di tahun 1928 " Sir Alexander Fleming News The Bourne Legacy Baru Tidak Lagi Di Bintangi Matt Damon Author Sarimin Date 10-02-2012 View 142 Print RSS Feed Film The Bourne Legacy yang pernah muncul dalam 3 judul film layar lebar dan diperankan oleh bintang terkenal Matt Damon kali ini akan segera muncul versi The Bourne terbaru The Bourne Legacy A New Unstoppable Killing Machine. Namun dalam film The Bourne Legacy A New Unstoppable Killing Machine ini tidak lagi diperankan oleh Matt Damon dan di gantikan oleh Tony Gilroy dan Jeremy Renner. The Bourne Legacy A New Unstoppable Killing Machine. mengisahkan seorang agen rahasia Aaron Cross yang masih berhubungan dengan kisah yang dialami oleh Jason Bourne di tiga film sebelumnya. The Bourne Legacy akan dirilis tanggal 3 Agustus 2012. screenrant.com Bookmark Anda bisa melakukan Bookmarking berita di SariminGeek.com dengan Tool yang telah di sediakan. Apa itu Bookmark Belum tahu apa itu Bookmark Baca ini dulu! RSS Feed Anda bisa berlangganan feed RSS SariminGeek.com melalui e-mail setiap harinya tanpa harus berkunjung ke SariminGeek.com! Apa itu RSS Feed Belum tahu apa itu RSS Feed Baca ini dulu! Berita Umum menarik lainnya Perempuan Jepang gemar bertattoo Daftar Bangunan Muslim Ahmadiyyah Di 195 Negara Helm Replika Mata AGV Valentino Rossi FlashDisk emas 24 karat berkapasitas 8Gb. Uang Tuntutan Terbesar Dalam Jumlah Yotta Dollar Deretan Kontroversi M. Nazaruddin Belum Berakhir Iklan Wanita Telanjang di Bis Kota 10 RapidShare Search Engine terpopuler Microsoft meluncurkan DataCenter Generasi 4 Harga Tiket Konser Sepultura, 5 Kota Di Indonesia Jembatan Tertinggi di dunia. Taliban Rilis Video Tembak Kepala 15 Tentara Pakistan Download Video Pembantaian Sadis Mesuji Diduga Palsu Bintang AV Idols Populerkan Film Manga Irokoishi Mini Notebook Raon Digital Everun Note Foto Ciuman Raffi Ahmad Dan Yuni Shara Aksi Bugil Lindsay Lohan Hadiah Natal Hugh Hefner Expedition 206 Keliling 206 Negara Bersama Coca Cola Orang Mabuk Ternyata Bisa Melakukan Posisi YOGA Jodie Marsh, Transformasi Tubuh Binaraga Super Cepat Komentar Belum ada pesan tanggapan yang masuk. Nama E-mail Website Komentar About Me | Informasi Iklan | Hosted by IdWebSpace.com 2008 by SariminGeek!')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00054', 'lang "IN" dir "ltr"> Depan RK Personal Artikel Featured Festival Hiburan Konser Seminar Sports Teater Workshop RajaKarcis Ticket Management Services and Online Ticket Box. Located in Jakarta, Indonesia. Tiket konser, olah raga, hiburan. Got an event Contact us! Featured , Konser Greyson Chance Indonesia Tour Share Tweet Greyson Chance Indonesia Tour 20th April 2012 JITEC Mangga Dua Square, Jakarta You Tube sensation Greyson97 is now on his way to become a star in the music industry. Greyson Chance has made a promise to once again visit and make a great performance for his loyal fans in Jakarta this year. During his short performance in November 2011 at Hard Rock Caf Jakarta and some local TV appearances, Greyson managed to create such a big buzz in the social media. The way Greyson Chance in his sincerity said Selamat pagi, Indonesia! On my way for the last stop on our Asia promo tour- are you ready or when he states that he loves pisang goreng Indonesian banana fritters had many of his fans hear melted and wanting more. His appearance on You Tube has been and combined with Indonesia being one of the largest twitter communities in the world; thus the chemistry then resulted a Twitter trending topic , so without hesitation the Indonesian fans demand his comeback, and so Greyson Chance will bring a complete set to enliven the crowd on April 20th 2012, at JITEC -Mangga Dua Square, Jakarta. Greyson Michael Chance from Oklahoma is a teenager whom in April 2010 sang a cover version of Lady Gaga s Paparazzi and this video reached 45 million views by the end of 2011. Greyson is a hit! serious competition in the music industry. He s been playing the piano for many, many years, and even without formal vocal lessons, he is able to fascinate the world with his dazzling voice. Greyson Chance appeared on the Ellen DeGeneres Show on May 12 in Los Angeles, where Lady Gaga herself made a phone call to Greyson during the show taping. His first appearance on Ellen then followed on May 26th where he first introduced his first single Broken Hearts , and at the same time Ellen DeGeneres announced a brilliant idea which was to launch her new record label eleveneleven. Greyson s performance during the show captivated her heart. Later on, a new deal was born between Greyson, eleveneleven by Ellen DeGeneres and Interscope Records. His way to rock world music industry is now wide open. It is not only Ellen who was stunned by the talented 14 year old boy, as after the show, Greyson s name buzzed in the world of social media. Not to mention the fans of his You Tube channel, but respectable names in entertainment also tagged his performance, such as RyanSeacrest.com, Video Ga Ga, Yahoo! Music Video s blog, Asthon Kutcher, The Huffington Post, Los Angeles Times, ABC World News, Wall Street Journel, David Archuleta, and others. Later on, Guy Oseary, and LA Based entertainment managers who also managed Madonna, Demi Moore and Asthon Kutcher, recommended Greyson s video on twitter, and is now is Greyson s manager. His debut single Waiting Outside the Lines was released to iTunes on October 26, 2010. His first tour called Waiting4U tour in USA started on April 9, 2010 also performing with Cody Simpson, an Australian pop singer. He then visited Ellen DeGeneres again in May 2011, introducing a new single Unfriend You and made an announcement on his first album Hold On Til the Night which released on August 2011. The songs in his album as filled with soaring violins and Greyson s piano melodies. The majority of its lyrics are mature, much more mature compared to his age; it s mesmerizing to not only teenage girls but also to anyone feeling love. In November 2011, Greyson took a chance to visit the most active social media user based, Asia. He visited Malaysia, Singapore, Philippine and Jakarta, Indonesia. More facts about Greyson, is that apparently he has become the talk of the town, he is very friendly to his fans, creates communication whilst on stage, shakes their hands, and always smiles, he is a media sweetheart. The other fact of Another Greyson fact he loves soccer, tennis and golf, he also took a role in a Fox comedy series Raising Hope , his idol is Christina Aguilera, John Lennon, Elton John; he calls himself a Harry Potter Nerd, and he loves dogs. One of his biggest dreams is to work together with Pink, Hayley Williams and Lady Gaga. At a very young age with very much talent, he has been praised and has been given numbers of award nominations. During 2010-2011 he received at least 5 award nominations, this is a remarkable number for a new comer. Neelam Vaswani the Marygops Marketing director stated I was shocked to see that a 14 year old boy could sing with such a deep voice. I cannot imagine how his fans reacted when he came for the showcase. We are very happy to be able to bring him back for a full concert. When one listens to Greyson s songs, it is impossible to portray him as a teenager, most of the lyrics show maturity of the human soul, his voice is solid, it is likely to be impossible for a boy his age to have experienced the stories behind all his lyrics, but that is what makes him unique; his ability to put his empathy into the words, he sings with passion and he will emerge as a star with most potential. We at Marygops are happy that we could bring such a talented young person, Greyson, for us to hold his concert here. The showcase was a very successful one and I am sure the concert will be the same. He not only mesmerized all the young girls, but his talent really does appeal to ones that love music. The concert will be filledwith surprises and I am positive it will be one of the best concerts you will see Peter Harjani Project and Creative Director/Finance Director And once again, no one will be able to stop the Greysonators when it comes to seeing their idol live. Marygops Studios will bring Greyson Chance this April 20th, 2012 at JITEC Mangga Dua Square, Jakarta, the concert will be spectacular! Tata cara pembelian dan pembayaran tiket Greyson Chance Live in Jakarta 1. Pemesanan dilakukan dengan cara offline dan online mulai tanggal 09 Februari 2012. Offline mulai jam 09 00 WIB Rajakarcis Manggarai, Retail Outlet Panorama Tour dan Ibu Dibjo Cikini. Online mulai jam 19 00 WIB www.rajakarcis.com 2. Pembayaran yang akan tersedia Offline Cash semua outlet , Kartu Kredit dan Debit BCA Rajakarcis dan Panorama Online Transfer VA, Klikbca dan Kartu Kredit Khusus untuk pembayaran dengan menggunakan Transfer VA paling lambat dibayarkan adalah 24 jam dan wajib melakukan konfirmasi via RK Personal. Promotor berhak untuk membatalkan tiket yang telah dipesan apabila tidak melakukan pembayaran sesuai dengan waktu yang ditentukan. 3. Pembelian tiket dengan cicilan Akan disediakan pembelian tiket dengan pembayaran cicilan 2x dengan jumlah kuota yang telah ditentukan. Pembayaran pertama tanggal 9 Februari dan pelunasan paling telat tanggal 15 Maret jam 17 00 WIB Pembelian tiket dengan cicilan hanya tersedia di outlet Rajakarcis Manggarai dan Online www.rajakarcis.com Jenis pembayaran untuk pembelian cicilan sama dengan jenis pembayaran pada ketentuan nomor 3 diatas. 4. Pembeli wajib mengisi informasi data pribadi sesuai kartu identitas asli saat pembelian. 5. Satu identitas nama pembeli atau nomor kartu identitas hanya diperbolehkan membeli maksimum 4 empat tiket. 6. Untuk kelas yang menggunakan nomor kursi, akan ditentukan sesuai dengan urutan waktu pembelian tiket. Nomor kursi baru akan diberikan saat menerima tiket sesuai dengan waktu yang telah ditentukan. 7. Pembeli yang menggunakan kartu kredit, wajib untuk menunjukkan kartu identitas dan kartu kredit yang asli sesuai dengan nama pembeli pada saat penukaran voucher menjadi tiket. 8. Untuk Pembeli dengan cara pembayaran lainnya wajib menunjukkan kartu identitas yang asli pada saat penukaran voucher menjadi tiket. 9. Waktu penukaran voucher untuk pembelian online adalah H-1 Tanggal 19 April 2012 dengan lokasi Rajakarcis.com untuk pembelian online, dan outlet lain sesuai tempat membeli 10. Promotor berhak membatalkan secara sepihak jika pemesanan tidak menggunakan RK Personalatau diluar dari tata cara pembelian dan pembayaran yang telah ditentukan diatas. Payment Method KlikBCA Credit Card Virtual Account 20 Apr 2012 , 7pm - JITEC Mangga Dua Square, JITEC Mangga Dua Square , promoter Marygops Studios Pink Rp 1,100,000 Yellow Rp 825,000 Green Rp 660,000 Pink Cicilan 50% Rp 550,000 Blue Rp 495,000 Yellow Cicilan 50% Rp 412,500 Purple Rp 385,000 Green Cicilan 50% Rp 330,000 Blue Cicilan 50% Rp 247,500 Purple Cicilan 50% Rp 192,500 you also can buy ticket from this AUTHORIZED OUTLET/TICKETBOX RajaKarcis Jakarta, Jakarta BUY NOW! Cara Pemesanan Secara Online / How To Order Online Semua pemesanan akan melalui RK Personal All orders will be done via RK Personal Bagi calon pembeli yang belum memiliki akun RK Personal, dapat mendaftar terlebih dahulu di sini If you don\'t have an RK Personal account, please register first Pemesanan dilakukan dengan mengklik tombol "BUY NOW" Click BUY NOW button to order Setelah login dalam RK Personal, pilih menu EVENTS, dan pilihlah event yang anda inginkan Inside RK Personal, click EVENTS menu, and choose the event you want Cara Pembayaran dengan Kartu Kredit bila tersedia / How To Pay Using Credit Card if available Lakukan pemesanan seperti biasa melalui RK Personal Do the order via RK Personal Di halaman Select Payment Method, tekan tombol \'Credit Card\' In \'Select Payment Method\' page, click on \'Credit Card\' button Anda akan diarahkan ke website penyedia jasa pembayaran You will be redirected to the payment gateway\'s page Pilih opsi yang pertama , dan klik Continue Choose the first option , and click Continue Isikan data kartu kredit anda dan data diri anda lalu klik Continue Fill your details and click Continue Anda akan mendapat halaman konfirmasi. Klik Continue untuk kembali ke RK Personal You\'ll get a confirmation page. Click Continue to return to RK Personal Bila pembayaran Anda dapat tervalidasi, Anda dapat langsung mencetak voucher If your credit card can be validated, you can print the voucher right away Cara Pembayaran Online dengan opsi transfer ke BCA Virtual Account bila tersedia Setelah berhasil memesan, anda akan memperoleh nomor VIRTUAL ACCOUNT Segera lakukan pembayaran melalui ATM BCA atau KlikBCA Bila anda membayar di mesin ATM BCA pilihlah menu TRANSAKSI LAINNYA > TRANSFER > REK BCA VIRTUAL ACCOUNT Bila anda membayar melalui KlikBCA pilihlah menu TRANSFER DANA > TRANSFER KE BCA VIRTUAL ACCOUNT Isikan nomor VIRTUAL ACCOUNT tersebut Pastikan data yang muncul adalah nama event dan RAJA KARCIS sebagai nama perusahaan Segera lakukan konfirmasi pembayaran melalui RK Personal Lalai melakukan konfirmasi pembayaran dapat berakibat hangusnya pesanan anda bila masa kadaluarsa telah tercapai Cara Pembayaran Online dengan opsi KlikBCA bila tersedia Setelah berhasil memesan, segera lakukan pembayaran di KlikBCA.com https //ibank.klikbca.com/ Setelah login di KlikBCA.com, pilih menu Pembayaran E-Commerce , pilih Lain-lain, pilih RajaKarcis.com Lakukan pembayaran sesuai dengan item pesanan yang tertulis Setelah pembayaran dapat dikonfirmasi oleh sistem, anda dapat mencetak voucher sendiri dari RK Personal anda Sistem KlikBCA akan otomatis menghapus pesanan anda bila telah lewat batas waktunya Pemesanan dan Pembayaran dengan opsi KlikBCA Yang Tidak Sah Bila anda tidak memesan via RK Personal Bila anda tidak melakukan pembayaran via KlikBCA.com E-Commerce Menggunakan user id KlikBCA yang salah/tidak aktif/tidak terdaftar Cara Pemesanan dan Pembayaran Online dengan opsi PAY OFFLINE bila tersedia Setelah berhasil memesan, cetak kupon PAY OFFLINE tersebut Segera lakukan pembayaran di outlet sesuai pilihan anda saat memesan dengan membawa kupon dan kartu identitas asli Pesanan anda akan hangus bila tidak ada pembayaran hingga batas waktu yang ditentukan Informasi Umum Tentang Penukaran Voucher / General Information About Exchanging Voucher Penukaran dilakukan pada H-1 di tempat pembelian ketentuan ini dapat berubah You can redeem the voucher on D-1 at the point of purchase subject to change Penukar wajib membawa kartu identitas asli yang sesuai datanya dengan data pada voucher Please bring along valid identity card no fotocopy with matching data on voucher Bagi yang melakukan pembayaran dengan kartu kredit, maka wajib membawa kartu kredit asli saat penukaran If you used credit card, it\'s mandatory to bring the real credit card no fotocopy when exchanging the voucher Nama/data pada kartu kredit asli harus sesuai dengan nama/data yang tercatat di database The name/data on the real credit card must match the name/data recorded in database Belum menjadi anggota RK Personal Klik di sini untuk mendaftar! PONDS TEENS CONCERT Present JESSIE J LIVE IN JAKARTA GBH The England Legend Punk Rock Informasi Cara Pembayaran Cara Pemesanan Cari Info FAQ / Yang Sering Ditanyakan Games Catch The Candy Mech Kontak Kami Media Rekanan RajaKarcis Merchandise Store Outlet/Cabang RajaKarcis Polling Area RKTwitBox Social Media Tentang RajaKarcis Waspada Modus Penipuan Yang Sering Terjadi Outlet RajaKarcis Jakarta Dr Saharjo No 2 dekat Pasaraya Manggarai Manggarai Jakarta Selatan Telp 021 8282137 Surabaya Ngagel Jaya Utara No. 176 Toko Buku Manyar Surabaya Telp. 031 713-64-777 +62-878-534-69-777 Tags ancol aula simfonia balai kartini balai sarbini bali bandung bengkel nightpark berlian entertainment britama arena bulungan outdoor cikini DeTwoZe epicentrum gelora bung karno ismaya live istora jakarta jakarta convention center java festival production java musikindo kartika expo center kelapa gading kemayoran kuningan kuta lian mipro mahkota promotion marygops studios original production pacific place pantai karnaval plennary hall ritz carlton senayan sentul sicc soundshine events sports mall surabaya taman ismail marzuki teater jakarta tennis indoor tim trilogy live Velvet Production 2003-2012 RajaKarcis.com PT Raja Karcis.com Jl. Dr Saharjo no 2, Manggarai, Jakarta Selatan Tel +62-21-8282137, Fax +62-21-8313323 email info@rajakarcis.com Ticket Management Services & Ticket Box Got an event Contact Us!')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00056', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns fb "http //www.facebook.com/2008/fbml"> 45 our cities Austin Chicago London Los Angeles New York City San Francisco Shanghai Toronto Washington DC Woman Thrown Onto Subway Tracks, Raped At Bowery J Train Station Non-Touristy Tips For Tourists, From Some Of Our Favorite NY Locals featured Ex-Komen VP Karen Handel "Planned Parenthood Is A Gigantic Bully" Anti-Poaching Fail Activists Accidentally Kill Rare Rhino worldnews.msnbc.msn.com Don\'t worry, everyone\'s favorite "RINO" Ron Paul is still doing just dandy but according to MSNBC , a group of anti-poaching conservationists in South Africa accidentally killed the real rhinoceros they were using to demonstrate how to protects rhinos from poachers. The 20-year-old rhino, named Spencer, was shot with a tranquilizer gun in front of a crowd of reporters by members of the Rhino Rescue Project, who were documenting a process used to identify protected animals, and deter poachers from killing them for their horns. After he was tranquilized, Spencer\'s horn was to be treated with a dye and an insecticide, and a tracking device was going to be inserted as well. Unfortunately, Spencer never woke up "The rhino had an unfortunate reaction to the anesthesia," said Rhino Rescue Project spokeswoman Lorinda Hern. "Every time you dart a rhino, you take a risk that the rhino might not wake up and unfortunately today was one of those days." Maybe they could have just used life-like sculptures A record 448 rhinos were killed by poachers last year in South Africa, home to the greatest number of the animals. Hern says she blames Spencer\'s death on those poachers "It\'s sad for us; it\'s the loss of another animal. It\'s a death that I still chalk up to poaching." Next time, maybe they should take a page from zoo keepers and police at the Ueno Zoo in Tokyo , and do all their homework on rhinos before messing with them Contact the author of this article or email tips@gothamist.com with further questions, comments or tips. By Ben Yakas in News on February 10, 2012 10 27 AM View activists conservationists poaching rhino rhinoceros south africa Other Interesting Stories Comments [ rss ] NYDirk So embarrassing! Roger_the_Shrubber "Don\'t worry, everyone\'s favorite "RINO" Ron Paul is still doing just dandy" Gothamist sure knows how to shoehorn their politics into a story that has nothing to do with it. And btw, Ron Paul is one of the few republicans that isn\'t a "RINO." Gwen Dibley Shouldn\'t they be punished proportionately to poachers Poachers kill. These people killed... a death is a death, and a college degree in science shouldn\'t make you immune to justice. Spirit of 76 Go talk to a vet and ask him about the risks of sedation for any animal. Then ask them if vets deserve to be prosecuted whenever a pet dies because of anesthesia. Seriously. Gwen Dibley No thanks. I\'m good. AGWAGW Is anyone else thinking what I\'m thinking "Weekend at Spencer\'s"! You put the sunglasses on him and I\'ll move his legs around. It\'s genius! Detex I think you mean Bernie\'s... edgie168 failsauce, brah. Detex words. but yes. Gwen Dibley The Rhino\'s name was Spencer, genius. Detex Touch farleft "It\'s a death that I still chalk up to poaching." What They accidentally took the life of an innocent Rhino as part of an animal rights demonstration, and then blamed poachers for the accident Maybe they need to rethink their strategy for getting their point across, especially since it involves potentially lethal actions. cr17 If you\'ve got a better idea let\'s hear it. farleft If the dosage was too high, use the correct dosage. If it was indeed an allergic reaction, they\'re off the hook...one life to save a thousand is pretty good odds. Spirit of 76 You\'re getting as bad as felix. Granted, Gothamist screwed up the story by writing it up in the snarkiest, most sensationalistic way possible, but clearly the conservationists were following their standard routine. Ian MacAllen got it right in his comment above. They wouldn\'t need a tracking device on every rhino if there weren\'t poachers. farleft "You\'re getting as bad as felix." Hey man, that was below the belt. Now, I admit I\'m not versed on the methods used to sedate and track rhinos, but I do know that it is not unusual for animals to get tranquilized with the wrong dosage, thereby killing the animal. The spokesperson said that the Rhino had an " unfortunate reaction to the anesthesia," but how does she know this was the cause of death Did she conduct an autopsy Or is this just her assumption I suppose it\'s certainly possible that she\'s right, but I didn\'t read anywhere in the article about how she confirmed this. Innocent until proven guilty...fine...but let\'s see some tests before they\'re completely off the hook. Spirit of 76 I\'m sure they knew what they were doing. If you read the original MSNBC story rather than the garbage Yakas wrote, they have veterinarians take care of the tranquilizers. Do you really think any conservation group would be dumb enough to say, "Let\'s try something we\'re unfamiliar with, and invite the press to watch it all" Any vet even stateside will tell you knocking out an animal is always a risk. That\'s why good vets will avoid general anesthesia if at all possible. My vet once went into an X-ray room to calm and hold my cat while the X-ray was taken because she didn\'t want to risk using a sedative. ihateloggingin So is the horn up for grabs now sssocialservice People The Worst AABrooklyn Yup Detex the guy on the far left holding the rhino\'s ass looks WAY too happy! cr17 He may not have known at that point and time that the rhino was in danger. Detex no, I was just saying he looked WAY too happy!!! edgie168 he likes fat chicks felixthecat wth is wrong with people you don\'t use them as props!!!!!! Ian MacAllen Kind of sounds like they were doing what they ordinarily do, which is track Rhinos and make the horns less desirable but were doing it in front of the press to explain the process. cr17 "Spencer\'s horn was to be treated with a dye and an insecticide, and a tracking device was going to be inserted as well." blog comments powered by Disqus Previous Home send a tip Got something to share Let us know! From tips@gothamist.com The day\'s most popular stories from Gothamist every evening in your inbox from our newsletter. Plus weekly event listings on Mondays! EMAIL required about staff / advertising / contact / newsmap contribute subscribe Use an RSS reader to stay up to date with the latest news and posts from Gothamist. add gothamist Yahoo NewsGator Bloglines Feedster Google Open external links in tabs 2003-2012 Gothamist LLC . All rights reserved. Terms of Use & Privacy Policy .')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00057', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns fb "http //www.facebook.com/2008/fbml"> 45 our cities Austin Chicago London Los Angeles New York City San Francisco Shanghai Toronto Washington DC Woman Thrown Onto Subway Tracks, Raped At Bowery J Train Station Non-Touristy Tips For Tourists, From Some Of Our Favorite NY Locals featured Ex-Komen VP Karen Handel "Planned Parenthood Is A Gigantic Bully" Brian Cashman\'s Alleged Stalker Claims He Knew About Yankees Steroid Abuse The single mother who was arrested last week and charged with harassing and stalking Yankees general manager Brian Cashman amidst her claims that she had been Cashman\'s mistress since last April has levied new charges against Cashman. Louise Neathway who also goes by the last name Meanwell claimed to the Daily News that Cashman confided in her that he purposefully misled federal investigators about whether Yankees brass knew certain players used steroids. Cashman s spokesman Chris Giglio vehemently denied the accusations These claims are complete and utter fiction, the latest installment of a carefully concocted campaign of harassment now spewing from a jail cell by a person who is being held on serious criminal felony charges of harassment and extortion, Giglio said. Neathway has already sent an email to Ron Gardella, chief investigator for the U.S. Attorney\'s Office for the Southern District of New York, and FBI agent Brian Jacob, advising them of her claims. In that email, she said she had specific details on dates and times that Cashman was aware of steroid use by players. Neathway has been charged with grand larceny, attempted grand larceny, stalking, and aggravated harassment. Among other things, Cashman\'s lawyers say the 36-year-old British national was an unhinged con woman out to extort him, bombarding him with text messages and calls during the past 10 months. She allegedly tried to blackmail him into paying for a $15,000 medical treatment, threatening to contact the press and his family if he didn t. Cashman says he eventually caved, and gave her $6,000 in different bank accounts, before contacting police. Manhattan prosecutors have now subpoenaed Cashman s bank records which Post sources say include evidence that he gave her as much as $20,000 to Neathway in order to determine whether she truly was extorting him for months, or if they were legitimate gifts as part of an affair. Neathway, who has 13 orders of protection against her since 1998, has been characterized by her exes as "ruthless," "intimidating," and "conniving." Neathway claimed Cashman had gotten her pregnant, but an ultrasound she emailed him was ultimately proven to be a fake, and Neathway\'s mother said she "was never pregnant, and had lied about it in the past as well." Former boyfriend David Sano told the Post he went through a very similar situation with her a decade ago their relationship started after she claimed she was pregnant after a one-night stand, and ended around the time she personally delivered a sex tape featuring Sano and his former schoolteacher girlfriend to the headmaster of the Christian school where the woman worked. That s what Louise does, Sano said. She takes pleasure in other people s pain. Contact the author of this article or email tips@gothamist.com with further questions, comments or tips. By Ben Yakas in News on February 10, 2012 11 14 AM View brian cashman harassment louise meanwell louise neathway sports stalker steroids yankees Other Interesting Stories Comments [ rss ] whitecastlerock Anyone with half a brain already figured out that there was some form of steroid abuse... Zeno L I\'m wondering if she would have trouble returning "Fatal Attraction" to the right section in the video rental store Fiction or Documentary hotstepper Brian Cashman\'s Alleged Stalker Claims He Knows Where Jimmy Hoffa Is Buried TeddyNYC Of course he knew about the steroid use. No surprise there. J_Temperance Wow, this is getting better than Weiner-gate. AABrooklyn I am now pretty much convinced this is a plot against the Yankees orchestrated by the Boston Red Sox blog comments powered by Disqus Previous Home send a tip Got something to share Let us know! From tips@gothamist.com The day\'s most popular stories from Gothamist every evening in your inbox from our newsletter. Plus weekly event listings on Mondays! EMAIL required about staff / advertising / contact / newsmap contribute subscribe Use an RSS reader to stay up to date with the latest news and posts from Gothamist. add gothamist Yahoo NewsGator Bloglines Feedster Google Open external links in tabs 2003-2012 Gothamist LLC . All rights reserved. Terms of Use & Privacy Policy .')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00058', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns fb "http //www.facebook.com/2008/fbml"> 45 our cities Austin Chicago London Los Angeles New York City San Francisco Shanghai Toronto Washington DC Woman Thrown Onto Subway Tracks, Raped At Bowery J Train Station Non-Touristy Tips For Tourists, From Some Of Our Favorite NY Locals featured Ex-Komen VP Karen Handel "Planned Parenthood Is A Gigantic Bully" Try "Gorgeous" Calf Brains At Sauce, A Cheap & Delicious Italian Joint On The LES "Impressionist brudo" at Sauce via Hearing Frank Prizinzano describe his calf brains is like listening to a man who just won the lottery. "Oh, they were just gorgeous. People started seeing other tables eat them, and then they would order them, and before you knew it we sold out before 7 30," he said. "We countered the gaminess with smokiness by searing them that and capers, some sage with fresh kale on the side," Prizinzano makes a sweeping gesture with his hands. "Incredible." All this is to say that the man takes his cooking very seriously, which is why his delightfully inexpensive, superbly delicious new restaurant Sauce is one of our favorite places to eat. Grass fed meatball hoagie that we shamefully forgot to order with cheese Gothamist Everything at Sauce is handmade, and the meat, Prizinzano will remind you, is all locally sourced, humanely slaughtered, and cut from the whole animal in-house by Sauce\'s butcher Adam Tiberio. The beef is also grass fed. "It\'s almost offensive how different it tastes if you\'re used to normal beef," the chef says. "But then you start craving it, and you won\'t eat anything else." A sandwich made with grass fed meatballs in a tomato gravy on a brioche bun with a side of greens tossed in olive oil and salt is $6.95. Sauce\'s butcher Adam Tiberio in the restaurant\'s wide open butcher\'s room via "We use every part of the animal all of the bones, scraps for stock, everything. We even make soap from the fat," Prizinzano says, explaining how he keeps costs down. "Also, the portions are smaller. We want people to try everything." Will costs start going up once it\'s impossible to get a table "Maybe by a dollar or so," he concedes. Prinzano\'s partner, Rob DeFlorio, one of the men behind Mother, says "If we\'re doing our job you won\'t even notice." This is good news, because at Sauce you can cover a lot of ground for a little scratch. When we\'re ravenous at lunch, a porchetta sandwich on a Caputo baguette and a plate of ricotta cavatelli does the trick. For dinner, the chef pitched us a special Mezzanelli Amatriciana Tracchiolle. A special pork sparerib belly chop is cured for a few days, slow cooked for 18 hours, then charred in a pan. "Mezzanelli is basically like giant buccatini and that\'s in a thick tomato gravy. Scissored mint goes on top, along with some percorino toscano. It comes on a big-ass plate," Prizinzano brings it over. Indeed it is huge, more than enough for two people. "That\'s $24.95." Steak for two via Sauce doesn\'t yet have a website, or a full bar they\'re hoping to get the license by the end of this month , and outdoor seating will be unveiled in time for spring. But the chef and owner behind an Italian empire in the East Village is forming a locally-sourced meat co-op in Albany, scoping out a LIC warehouse to store his whole animals, and dreams of Sauce, becoming a "commissary" for other kitchenless locations in New York. His glass-paned butcher\'s room is also a demo kitchen. "The idea is that everything on our menu will have a link to a video, showing you how we make it," he says. "We want people to make this food part of their staple diet, that\'s why everything is fresh and it\'s not too expensive," he says. "I grew up eating this food, my children grew up eating this food, and I\'m healthy." We\'re not sure what the Surgeon General would think of eating Sauce\'s beef shank tortelloni three times a week "it knocked me out of my fucking chair," Prizinzano says . But when you\'re it washing down with a glass of primitivo, who cares 78 Rivington Street // 212 420-7700 // Breakfast, Lunch & Dinner // CASH ONLY Contact the author of this article or email tips@gothamist.com with further questions, comments or tips. By Christopher Robbins in Food on February 10, 2012 10 38 AM View frank prizinzano frank\'s italian lower east side pasta sauce soul food Other Interesting Stories Comments [ rss ] MattyGC mmmmmmm brrrrrrrrrrraaaaaaaaaainssss Mordicai Hell yeah, hell yeah. ToastNYC I am all for brains, just not sure I want "cheap" brains. Mordicai I assume that they meant "relatively cheap." Not to mention, organs in the main are generally cheap, as I understand it From a supply side, I mean. Since there isn\'t as much demand. I guess you could pass those savings down to the customer-- the alchemy of a restaurant is only about raw materials so much, you know Christopher_Robbins Yeah Frank was saying how tough it was to get stuff like offal and brains because no one really wants it, so most butchers just throw it away. A benefit to using a whole animal as Sauce does is that he can choose to cut it however he wants, and when the brains look good, they go up on the specials board. Mordicai Yeah, a few years my friend made calf heart for one of the Xmas dishes, & it was good...& then we realized that there were basically a dozen portions for three people. & we were like "What! How did you think we would eat so much heart!" & he pointed out that heart is so cheap at the butchers it was basically free. Anyhow, seriously, thanks for the tip; I\'ll hit this place up. youngpro done the right way, these are actually very, very good. TheRealCannibal "It\'s almost offensive how different it tastes if you\'re used to normal beef," Well said. TheRealCannibal This place looks amazing. Want to try! Peanut_Butter Had calf brains once at M. Wells. Not too fond of them. TWaller Ahhh, I love prions. felixthecat yep those mad cows did as well. RobertMosesSupposesErroneously Eating cow brains not just for zombie cows blog comments powered by Disqus Previous Home send a tip Got something to share Let us know! From tips@gothamist.com The day\'s most popular stories from Gothamist every evening in your inbox from our newsletter. Plus weekly event listings on Mondays! EMAIL required about staff / advertising / contact / newsmap newsmap subscribe Use an RSS reader to stay up to date with the latest news and posts from Gothamist. add gothamist Yahoo NewsGator Bloglines Feedster Google Open external links in tabs 2003-2012 Gothamist LLC . All rights reserved. Terms of Use & Privacy Policy .')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00059', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns fb "http //www.facebook.com/2008/fbml"> 45 our cities Austin Chicago London Los Angeles New York City San Francisco Shanghai Toronto Washington DC Woman Thrown Onto Subway Tracks, Raped At Bowery J Train Station Non-Touristy Tips For Tourists, From Some Of Our Favorite NY Locals featured Ex-Komen VP Karen Handel "Planned Parenthood Is A Gigantic Bully" Get On Board It\'s Seal Season In NYC! Photo courtesy of the NYC Mayor\'s Office There have been plenty of seals spotted around the city in recent years at Gracie Mansion , in Inwood , on Brighton Beach , even on the Upper West Side . If you haven\'t had the luck of spotting one in person, however, the American Princess cruise boat is here to help you make your own luck, whisking you away to seal hot spots. Seal watching season has officially begun tours started on February 4th and will run through April 15th. Tour guide Paul Sieswerdatold explained to the the NY Post , There is a growing population of harbor seals in the East Coast," and one group even counted 43 seals in a single two-hour trip. Some have even had bonus sightings of falcons, egrets, herons, whales and dolphins but typically you\'ll see those after seal season . Some people have been posting the sightings on the boat\'s Facebook page . Sieswerdatold is the former curator for the New York and New England aquariums, and at the latter even cared for Andre, who the 1994 children s film Andre was based off. He even raised an abandoned baby seal at his home on Staten Island until finding a permanent aquarium home for it. The tours run Saturdays and Sundays from noon to 2 30 p.m. and cost $27 for adults, $15 for kids. You meet at Riis Landing in Rockaway, and once aboard will go through the lower New York Bay, south of the Verrazano-Narrows Bridge. Bonus there\'s a coffee bar and a real bar on the boat, for when you\'re making the slow journey out to seal territory. And if you don\'t have your sea legs, you can always go pay a visit to Nicky , the Brooklyn-born seal living in the Central Park Zoo. Contact the author of this article or email tips@gothamist.com with further questions, comments or tips. By Jen Carlson in Arts & Entertainment on February 10, 2012 9 57 AM View american princess aw seal seals sightseeing tour Other Interesting Stories Comments [ rss ] New This is a ferry service company. I suspect that they have no expertise approaching wildlife. Their boats are huge and loud. They should not be anywhere near the seals or other wildlife. Gothamist... please send someone out on one of these tours to see how they operate before pushing their services. I fear that you may be supporting a business that has no business doing what they are doing... Detex we can tell you are new here. haha, to think that they would do any real investigative reporting! haha chuzzlewit new yorkers and nature - always a bad combination. http //www.youtube.com/watch v... New Is this regulated in any way It seems like a bad idea to disturb the fledgling wildlife population with tourist boats There should be a law against approaching wildlife with a vehicle boat for tour purposes. If we want a healthy wildlife population, we need to leave them in peace. People need to get on this! Peter Rosa Are there any baby seals I\'ve got a nice new baseball bat. Detex Seal Clubbing!!! hahahha, that never gets old! Peanut_Butter So a baby seal waddles into a bar. Bartender says What are ya havin\' Baby seal goes Anything but a Canadian Club. badumbump. me4 Funny.. He doesn\'t look divorced. blog comments powered by Disqus Previous Home send a tip Got something to share Let us know! From tips@gothamist.com all our cities one convenient app about staff / advertising / contact / newsmap contribute subscribe Use an RSS reader to stay up to date with the latest news and posts from Gothamist. add gothamist Yahoo NewsGator Bloglines Feedster Google Open external links in tabs 2003-2012 Gothamist LLC . All rights reserved. Terms of Use & Privacy Policy .')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00060', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns fb "http //www.facebook.com/2008/fbml"> 45 our cities Austin Chicago London Los Angeles New York City San Francisco Shanghai Toronto Washington DC Woman Thrown Onto Subway Tracks, Raped At Bowery J Train Station Non-Touristy Tips For Tourists, From Some Of Our Favorite NY Locals featured Ex-Komen VP Karen Handel "Planned Parenthood Is A Gigantic Bully" Video Greg Kelly Returns To Good Day New York, Thanks Social Media Supporters After successfully fending off a heavy rape allegation , life is back to normal for Good Day New York co-host Greg Kelly, son of NYPD Commissioner Ray Kelly. The 43-year-old former Marine told reporters he felt "terrific" as he returned to the Fox New York office on East 67th Street this morning, and he was welcomed back warmly by his co-host Rosanna Scotto. "So, you\'re back," Scotto observed, turning to Kelly, who made a short statement at the start of the broadcast that left out any specifics about his absence. Here\'s video "Rosanna it s great to see you," Kelly said on-air . "Folks, thank you. It was a tough couple of weeks obviously for a lot of people. And I m very, very grateful for all the support I had here at Fox Five, the support from my family and friends, those I care about and the viewers of course. They ve been just great, the people who watch the show, and have weighed in through social media, positive remarks. Thank you very much." The speech concluded with a smattering of applause from the newsroom. "And I\'m especially grateful to this woman sitting next to me, Rosanna Scotto," Kelly added. Scotto then told Kelly they were "going right back to where we left off," to which Kelly replied, "I don\'t know about that. I don\'t want to work too hard. Today\'s Friday." And speaking of social media, Twitter user @NewKingofMedia wrote , "Greg Kelly proves if an awful woman is lyin & ur the semi famous white son of the Police Commissioner, it will all be resolved very quickly." Kelly also issued a statement last night saying, "I am thankful that the investigation established what I ve known all along, that I am innocent of the allegations that were waged against me. I am so blessed to have a wonderful family and friends whose support for me never wavered." Ray Kelly has not commented publicly on the allegation, but Mayor Bloomberg told reporters earlier this week that DA Cy Vance "did exactly what he should do. He right away called his best sex crime investigators, put it on the case. They concluded, apparently, according to the paper [where Bloomberg read the news], that there was no law broken, no reason to bring charges on either side and dismissed the thing. Now let s get back to focusing on things that take this city and this country forward." Contact the author of this article or email tips@gothamist.com with further questions, comments or tips. By John Del Signore in News on February 10, 2012 9 37 AM View fox 5 good day new york greg kelly rape rape accusation ray kelly Other Interesting Stories Comments [ rss ] hawkla11 There is no proof that it she was pregnant and if she was there is no proof that it was Kelly who impregnated her. She showed poor judgement from the start and showed that she is irresponsible and reckless. First, to cheat on her boyfriend, then to have unprotected sex and finally to have sex in her boss\'s office. All the actions of someone who doesn\'t respect any boundaries of normal behavior. If she was capable of all of this, then what else is she capable of I never thought much of Greg Kelly before this, actually thought he was a bit of a buffoon. But, he handled this situation with a lot of grace and character and I respect that. I have to say, that I actually like him now and will likely pay more attention to his career. Hopefully Kelly learned something going through this and is more careful moving forward letting people get to him like this. It\'s a shame the DA didn\'t press charges against her, her actions were beyond criminal. The bottom line is that no man should have to have his named dragged through the mud because of some lying, cheating, reckless, irresponsible girl. bigfoot_lives she pulled a kelly kapoor "i was raped!" Michael " You cannot say "I was raped" and expect all of your problems to go away, Kelly. Not again. Don\'t keep doing that." picaflor Lol - I heard "we\'re happy to have you gone" before he corrected himself. Peanut_Butter Woke up too late, caught the back end of the show to see Bronson Pinchot acting all spaced-out Fronko Rape or no rape, he had sex with a fall-down drunk girl in her office. Stay classy, Greg Kelly. theevilerone She wasn\'t fall down drunk. Bar bills, video and witnesses attested to that. NewtonCreek Raw-doggin\' and impregnating a wasted girl in her boss\' office on the first date... keepin\' it classy Greg. Your viewers must be proud. felixthecat Rosanna Scoot, ugly botox plastic woman, is one cold bitch. felixthecat It\'s good to be Police Commissioner\'s son. Black man would have been sodomized by NYPd but Kelly is patted on the back. chuzzlewit "And I\'m especially rapeful to this woman raping next to me, Rosanna Scotto," Kelly raped. Scotto then raped Kelly they were "raping right back to raping where we left off," to which Kelly replied, "I don\'t know about that. I don\'t want to rape too hard. Today\'s Rapeday." Edwin Amirsaleh Dude, the guy clearly didn\'t do it. What are you talking about Read the facts of the case. She was drunk and cheated and tried to double back on it. TCF16 Wrong. She couldn\'t remember the sex act. The police found her story to remain consistent and they did not think she was lying. It is not clear at all that he didn\'t do it. The only thing clear is that there wasn\'t enough evidence. One of three things happened 1 She was blackout drunk - NOT unconcious, but in a state where she is not herslef at all and will not remember anything that happened the next day. Several of my friends are like this and it\'s scary - they seem concious, they\'re not slurring their words or stumbling but they are beyond drunk and the next day they have zero recollection of conversations and events that took place. If they had sex in this state, it\'s probably not rape since she consented, but you have to be pretyy drunk yourself, or a real weirdo/creep to go through it if you\'re the guy. Of course, they did JUST MEET, so maybe he didn\'t even notice. 2 She passed out and he had sex with her. Obviously, this is rape, but if she didn\'t remember what happened -- i.e., she didn\'t even remember passing out, and he didn\'t admit it, you can\'t bring charges. 3 She consented, she remembered it, she got busted for cheating and tried to deflect it by bringing charges. whiteiris "She was blackout drunk - NOT unconcious" Wrong! The bar tab was so low, it was determined she only had a few drinks. Also, surveillance showed her walking, not staggering drunk, through her office building. Finally, what about the steamy sex messages back and forth between them both. All it proves to me is she\'s a good liar. Amber This is, out of every argument that\'s been used in this case, by far the most ridiculous. You have no idea how high this woman\'s tolerance for alcohol is I\'ve seen women get totally smashed off two beers . You have no idea if she had a few drinks before she got to the bar. You have no idea if other patrons at the bar bought Greg Kelly and his date some drinks. A bar tab is seriously the most insubstantial piece of evidence, and you are an idiot for thinking a low bar tab proves anything. Also, for the last fucking time these "steamy sex messages" are only evidenced by a tabloid\'s anonymous sources. That\'s it, that\'s all. Yes, we know they exchanged texts, but the Post\'s anonymous sources are the only ones releasing the content. You might as well tell me you take everything the National Enquirer says at face value, too. TCF16 First of all, she could have been drunk when she showed up at the bar or the bartender or another patron could have bought them shots. Second -- and here is where my public service annoiuncment comes in - I\'ve seen people get blackout drunk after two drinks. It\'s really, really weird. They can walk straight and they\'re not slurring, but you can tell something is completely off. Sometimes they act or speak really irrationally. You think you\'re having a conversation with a sober person but they don;t make any sense. It\'s pretty scary, actually. I\'ve seen the same thing with people who do get obviously drunk, slurring, stumbling, etc. where the next day they have no idea what happened for the last few hours of the night. But the kind where they seem sober but are really totally wasted is weird. Also, we haven\'t seen the texts so we really don\'t know what they say. GalBklyn The DA did not conclude that no law was broken, nor that Greg Kelly was innocent. Just that there was not enough evidence to prosecute. Nice spin for your guy Bloomberg. Peanut_Butter The DA had not enough, if any, evidence to bring charges, which is the lowest bar to surpass, and step one in "prosecuting" someone. Getting a grand jury indictment is the next higher bar, then proving guilt beyond a reasonable doubt is even higher. Kelly is presumed innocent from the outset. Even if he were brought to trial and found not-guilty, you\'d have to give him the presumption of innocence. Not to mention that in this case, not only was he not brought to trial, nor a grand jury indictment not handed down nor sought, but the DA didn\'t even bring any charges. Linda Fairstein, a former sex crimes prosecutor and expert said independently that she had not seen or heard anyone establish the elements of a sex crime having been committed. Does that information help you to reassess your position GalBklyn Not the way this case was handled. Especially with the former prosecuter Farstein chiming in when the investigation was ongoing. Completely innappropriate. Fix was in from the start. The DA has no credibility. Too many leaks and opinions on page 6 before the outcome was finalized. Greg Kelly may think he is in the clear. But there are too many people who see this as business as usual. The combination of the son of the NYPD Commissioner, a white man with an apparent sense of entitlement and a sham investigation is not something to be proud of. whiteiris Nice spin yourself. He\'s innocent. Throw her ass in jail. More women should be pissed at this lying accuser for making it harder for true rape victims to come forward. felixthecat it will be harder for woman to come forward because of people like you and the New YORK POST who vilified her even before the investigation with those "new leaks". SHAME ON Cy Vance. what a tool, a political tool as well. Same as the NYPD release the kid\'s police record after they shot him. Same play book. Peanut_Butter You can\'t leak what ain\'t there. It\'s a shame that you can\'t see through the superficial veneer of the "leaks", if any, to the inconvenient fact that there was information not favorable to the allegations to leak in the first place. felixthecat NO one is free of "sin". Treat all people equally. a bad kid doesn\'t deserve to be executed by NYPD nor does a foolish woman deserve to be raped by a news anchor. This attack on victims is wrong. So we only care about victims that have NO blemish in their lives blog comments powered by Disqus Previous Home send a tip Got something to share Let us know! From tips@gothamist.com all our cities one convenient app about staff / advertising / contact / newsmap newsmap subscribe Use an RSS reader to stay up to date with the latest news and posts from Gothamist. add gothamist Yahoo NewsGator Bloglines Feedster Google Open external links in tabs 2003-2012 Gothamist LLC . All rights reserved. Terms of Use & Privacy Policy .')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00061', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns fb "http //www.facebook.com/2008/fbml"> 45 our cities Austin Chicago London Los Angeles New York City San Francisco Shanghai Toronto Washington DC Woman Thrown Onto Subway Tracks, Raped At Bowery J Train Station Non-Touristy Tips For Tourists, From Some Of Our Favorite NY Locals featured Ex-Komen VP Karen Handel "Planned Parenthood Is A Gigantic Bully" Indian Point Flack Stoked About New Nukes In Georgia On Thursday the Nuclear Regulatory Commission approved a license request for a new nuclear power plant to be built near Augusta, Georgia. It\'s the first new nuclear power plant to get a green light from the government since the Three Mile Island meltdown in 1979. Go Isotopes! Now nuclear power enthusiasts are spinning this faster than an overheating centrifuge, heralding the licensing as the dawn of a new era in nuclear energy. Jim Steets, a spokesman for the controversial Indian Point facility just north of New York City tells CBS 880 , "It s positive news for the industry and I think the benefits of nuclear power are clear." It certainly makes his job easier for a day or two, since the last time Indian Point was in the news , the Nuclear Regulatory Commission was rejecting some of the power plant s fire safety procedures . Governor Cuomo has said that Indian Point should close, and the facility has been under increased scrutiny ever since an earthquake in Japan damaged the Fukishima nuclear reactor. Indian Point sits at the intersection of two fault lines and has been branded the most vulnerable to an earthquake in the nation. As for the Georgia plant, it goes without saying that not everyone is as sanguine as Indian Point\'s spokesman. Laura Haight at the New York Public Interest Research Group maintains that "private financing is almost dead in the water for nuclear power plants. It s too risky. It s too expensive." And Allison Fisher, an energy expert for the consumer advocacy group Public Citizen, called the Georgia plant a step in the wrong direction. "It is inexplicable that we ve chosen this moment in history to expand the use of a failed and dangerous technology," Fisher told the Washington Post . Oh, would you relax, hippie Radiation is good for you ! Contact the author of this article or email tips@gothamist.com with further questions, comments or tips. By John Del Signore in News on February 10, 2012 10 12 AM View georgia indian point nuclear power Other Interesting Stories Comments [ rss ] colonelcasey Nuclear power has changed since the Gen 1 and 2 reactors that are in service now. I hope these new reactors take advantage of this new tech. http //www.popsci.com/technolo... AABrooklyn "We don\'t need no more trouble" longacre Indian Point is bad because of its proximity to 20 million people. If someone wants to build a plant in a sparsely populated area, why not Coal kills more people every year than nukes have ever. Peanut_Butter Good. Keep that shit away from here. AABrooklyn Unless you moved off the planet I wouldn\'t be so happy with it. Plus if you are in NYC or near you are most likely in relatively close quarters with a nuclear power plant http //mcbrooklyn.blogspot.com... blog comments powered by Disqus Previous Home send a tip Got something to share Let us know! From tips@gothamist.com The day\'s most popular stories from Gothamist every evening in your inbox from our newsletter. Plus weekly event listings on Mondays! EMAIL required about staff / advertising / contact / newsmap newsmap subscribe Use an RSS reader to stay up to date with the latest news and posts from Gothamist. add gothamist Yahoo NewsGator Bloglines Feedster Google Open external links in tabs 2003-2012 Gothamist LLC . All rights reserved. Terms of Use & Privacy Policy .')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00062', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns fb "http //www.facebook.com/2008/fbml"> 45 our cities Austin Chicago London Los Angeles New York City San Francisco Shanghai Toronto Washington DC Woman Thrown Onto Subway Tracks, Raped At Bowery J Train Station Non-Touristy Tips For Tourists, From Some Of Our Favorite NY Locals featured Ex-Komen VP Karen Handel "Planned Parenthood Is A Gigantic Bully" Parents And Occupiers Gone Wild The Crazy Scene At Yesterday\'s School Closings Meeting The annual fight over school closures between the city, parents, teachers and now, Occupiers returned in full force last night for a raucous, crazy meeting at Brooklyn Tech. More than 2,000 people showed up for an evening the Times describes as being like "several meetings were going on at once, all of them confused and cacophonous, with sound spilling over from one group to the next." In the end, the Panel for Education Policy voted to close or partially close the 23 schools they announced in December. And even without Cathie Black to kick around like last year, the meeting wasn\'t the most orderly. "There are important proposals up for discussion," current Schools Commissioner Walcott said . " If all the [teachers union] wants to do is bus in Occupy Wall Street protesters...then we will just have to work around that. " And so they did. Because, in addition to the Teachers Union which had originally planned to hold a meeting in a nearby school, a group calling themselves Occupy the Department of Education were also on hand to help foster "an atmosphere that was more chaotic than usual." There was a heavy police presence, but the NYPD press office tells us there weren\'t any arrests. In the end PEP, which consists of Walcott and 13 members appointed by the mayor and borough presidents voted to close all the schools on the block as it has done every time it has convened . And this was only the beginning. The City is aiming to close 62 schools this year as part of Mayor Bloomberg\'s educational reform plans. Amid the chanting, parents, teachers and students spoke to the Panel in the hopes of saving their schools. " I m angry and I m frustrated. I am afraid for the future of my child s life, " one mother at the hearing said. Although the panel voted to close the schools, many of them will remain open for a few more years as they graduate their current classes and are replaced by smaller schools. Since Bloomberg became mayor the city has opened 396 schools and closed 117 with some overlap . Despite the crazy crowds, last night\'s hearing actually broke tradition and didn\'t actually go on for very long. After about two hours "the 2,500-seat auditorium began to empty out, as the Occupy members reacted to an unconfirmed report that the police were about to make arrests, and parents and students gave up on trying to speak." To get a sense of just what the event was like, here\'s an intermittently blurry video with some good audio And finally, here are the schools that will be phased out and closed Bronx Gateway School For Environmental Research and Technology Jane Addams High School For Academic Careers Samuel Gompers Career And Technical Education High School Grace Dodge Career And Technical Education High School Aspire Preparatory Middle School Brooklyn P.S. 019 Roberto Clemente General D. Chappie James Elementary School of Science International Arts Business School Satellite Three Middle School For The Arts J.H.S. 296 The Anna Gonzalez Community School P.S. 22 Academy Of Business And Community Development Manhattan Legacy School For Integrated Studies Manhattan Theatre Lab High School Washington Irving High School Queens P.S. 215 Lucretia Mott Staten Island P.S. 014 Cornelius Vanderbilt And these schools will have their middle school grades eliminated Bronx Academy for Scholarship and Entrepreneurship Brooklyn P.S. 298 Betty Shabazz Frederick Douglass Academy IV PS 161 The Crown Brooklyn Collegiate A College Board School Contact the author of this article or email tips@gothamist.com with further questions, comments or tips. By Garth Johnston in News on February 10, 2012 10 54 AM View dennis walcott department of education education mayor bloomberg pep school closings Other Interesting Stories Comments [ rss ] m015094 I know a handful of NYC teachers and they are borderline retarded. Yet, they get paid $80K per year because salary isn\'t based on skill, it is based on longevity.......which is why the unions exist. HarrietNYC Hey, gothamist, did it not occur to you that some folks associated with OccupyWallStreet are parents of NYC public school students, and some may be NYC teachers They are not mutually exclusive. Do you think the teacher\'s union had to \'bus\' occupiers in That was just b.s. coming from Walcott. Stevennnn I don\'t get it. Are the schools failing for a lack of resources and bad teachers or because most students in the school don\'t care to learn. Peanut_Butter Any time a school\'s in trouble, or underperforming, it\'s probably the students, and in turn, is caused by their parenting. HarrietNYC ha ha, guess you attended one of the failing schools. Not to be the grammar police, but 1 it should be "any time a school is in trouble", and 2 "their parenting" is correct, you should learn to diagram sentences, it\'s really helpful. As yourself, whose parenting your sentence infers the students are parenting themselves, which I guess is a bit like self-deportation or something, Oh, you\'re missing a comma. sgod I don\'t have any stake in this discussion, and I usually don\'t correct people\'s grammar on the internet, but I can\'t resist. Your disastrous post is much worse than Peanut_Butter\'s. You forget to capitalize the first letters of a couple of your sentences. You misuse "infer" the word you mean is "imply" . You have two comma splices in the sentence ending "it\'s really helpful." You use a comma in place of a period after "self-deportation or something." And you are wrong that "school\'s" should be replaced with "school is" the apostrophe here signals a contraction, not a possessive . Peanut_Butter Seriously, I didn\'t know whether to respond earnestly or laugh. The infer/imply error drives me up the freakin\' wall.... At best, Harriet got me on the "parenting", which at worst, is ambiguous as it could mean the students were self-parenting, but as any rational person could reason in that context, meant the students received poor parenting. Harriet, meet pot and kettle. CrooklynDodgers That video actually makes me sea sick. AaronRed99 OWS Teachers Union Peanut_Butter Why even bother Does anything get accomplished at these "meetings" Why can\'t people figure out a way to establish order And in the end, is it even worth it I mean it\'s a fait accompli, right AaronRed99 These "hearings" are a big charade for the media and to embarrass the Mayor. We all know that the crypt keeper Shelly makes any and all education decisions based upon "input" from the UFT . BottomlessChips OCCUPY BAD SCHOOLS So stupid. Detex Occupy anything is stupid. Sow me solutions and we can start to effect change! CurmudgeonNYC Who brings an air horn to a meeting like this Peanut_Butter A clown. J_Temperance I think that\'s an image stabilizer making the video intermittently blurry. blog comments powered by Disqus Previous Home send a tip Got something to share Let us know! From tips@gothamist.com The day\'s most popular stories from Gothamist every evening in your inbox from our newsletter. Plus weekly event listings on Mondays! EMAIL required about staff / advertising / contact / newsmap newsmap subscribe Use an RSS reader to stay up to date with the latest news and posts from Gothamist. add gothamist Yahoo NewsGator Bloglines Feedster Google Open external links in tabs 2003-2012 Gothamist LLC . All rights reserved. Terms of Use & Privacy Policy .')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00063', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Log In BEST DEALS KINDLES & KINDLE BOOKS FREE BOOKS ON KINDLE ALL FREE KINDLE BOOKS FICTION CLASSICS EROTICA FANTASY GAY & LESBIAN GENERAL FICTION HORROR LITERARY FICTION MYSTERY & THRILLER RELIGIOUS FICTION ROMANCE SCIENCE FICTION NONFICTION ADVICE & HOW-TO ARTS & ENTERTAINMENT BIOGRAPHY & MEMOIR BUSINESS & LEADERSHIP COMPUTERS & INTERNET COOKING, FOOD & WINE HISTORY LIFESTYLE & HOME PARENTING & FAMILIES POLITICS & CURRENT EVENTS REFERENCE RELIGION & SPIRITUALITY SCIENCE TRAVEL HUMOR SPORTS YA & KIDS QUALITY 99-CENTERS ON KINDLE ALL QUALITY 99-CENTERS FICTION CLASSICS EROTICA FANTASY GAY & LESBIAN GENERAL FICTION HORROR LITERARY FICTION MYSTERY & THRILLER RELIGIOUS FICTION ROMANCE SCIENCE FICTION NONFICTION ADVICE & HOW-TO ARTS & ENTERTAINMENT BIOGRAPHY & MEMOIR BUSINESS & INVESTING COMPUTERS & INTERNET COOKING, FOOD & WINE GENERAL NONFICTION HISTORY LIFESTYLE & HOME PARENTING & FAMILIES POLITICS & CURRENT EVENTS REFERENCE RELIGION & SPIRITUALITY SCIENCE TRAVEL HUMOR SPORTS YA & KIDS BOOKS ELIGIBLE FOR KINDLE PRIME LENDING ALL ELIGIBLE BOOKS FICTION CLASSICS EROTICA FANTASY GAY & LESBIAN GENERAL FICTION HORROR LITERARY FICTION MYSTERY & THRILLER RELIGIOUS FICTION ROMANCE SCIENCE FICTION NONFICTION ADVICE & HOW-TO ARTS & ENTERTAINMENT BIOGRAPHY & MEMOIR BUSINESS & LEADERSHIP COMPUTERS & INTERNET COOKING, FOOD & WINE GENERAL NONFICTION HISTORY LIFESTYLE & HOME PARENTING & FAMILIES POLITICS & CURRENT EVENTS REFERENCE RELIGION & SPIRITUALITY SCIENCE TRAVEL HUMOR SPORTS YA & KIDS KINDLES, KINDLE ACCESSORIES & WARRANTIES HOME KIDS CORNER ARCHIVE CONTACT FACEBOOK SPONSORSHIP EBOOKTRACKER KINDLE LINKS KND TRAFFIC SEARCH AND SORT FREE KINDLE BOOKS BY CATEGORY! All Free Kindle Books FICTION Classics Erotica Fantasy Gay & Lesbian General Horror Literary Mystery & Thriller Religious Fiction Romance Science Fiction NONFICTION Advice & How-To Arts & Entertainment Biography & Memoir Business & Leadership Computers & Internet Cooking, Food & Wine General History Lifestyle & Home Parenting & Families Politics & Current Events Reference Religion & Spirituality Travel Humor Sports YA & Kids SEARCH AND SORT 99-CENT KINDLE BOOKS BY CATEGORY! All Quality 99-Centers FICTION Classics Erotica Fantasy Gay & Lesbian General Horror Literary Mystery & Thriller Religious Fiction Romance Science Fiction NONFICTION Advice & How-To Arts & Entertainment Biography & Memoir Business & Investing Computers & Internet Cooking, Food & Wine General History Lifestyle & Home Parenting & Families Politics & Current Events Reference Religion & Spirituality Travel Humor YA & Kids SEARCH AND SORT KINDLE LENDING LIBRARY BOOKS! All Eligible Books FICTION Classics Erotica Fantasy Gay & Lesbian General Horror Literary Mystery & Thriller Religious Fiction Romance Science Fiction NONFICTION Advice & How-To Arts & Entertainment Biography & Memoir Business & Leadership Computers & Internet Cooking, Food & Wine General History Lifestyle & Home Parenting & Families Politics & Current Events Reference Religion & Spirituality Science Travel Humor Sports YA & Kids Search This Website Check Out Our Sister Sites! Authors Corner @ KND BookGorilla Kids Corner @ KND Newsletter Archive Shop for a New Kindle BookLending.com Blogs and Sites That We Follow A Kindle World Andrys Basten s Blog A Newbie\'s Guide to Publishing Joe Konrath s Blog I Love My Kindle Blog Bufo Calvin s Blog Kindle Review Abhi s Blog Publetariat April Hamilton s Blog & Website The Kindle Chronicles Len Edgerly s Podcast BookLending.com Today s Kindle Daily Deal Friday, February 10 Save 78% on Richard Kirshenbaum s irreverent memoir about the transformation of the advertising business, Madboy My Journey from Adboy to Adman , plus Harry Freedman s JERUSALEM IMPERILLED Today s Sponsor February 10, 2012 By Kindle Nation But first, a word from Today s Sponsor Jerusalem Imperilled The Yavneh Trilogy by Harry Freedman 4.0 stars 3 Reviews Kindle Price $2.99 Text-to-Speech and Lending Enabled Don t have a Kindle Get yours here. Here s the set-up Levi is a young priest in Roman occupied Jerusalem. A disgruntled guest at his wedding to Nechama informs the Roman procurator that the bride s wealthy father is plotting a rebellion. Levi and Nechama are taken captive and sent in chains to Rome. Whilst working as slave in the Roman dockyards, Levi hears reports of turmoil in his homeland. The hated procurator is enriching himself at the peoples expense, revolutionary bands are attacking the Romans but the local political leaders are too busy fighting amongst themselves to coordinate the resistance. In the dockyards a mysterious visitor tries to recruit Levi to report on the Roman troop movements. He is in a unique position to help the resistance. But all he can think of is how to find his lost bride, the love of his life. Jerusalem Imperilled is Book One in the Yavneh Trilogy Each day s Kindle Daily Deal is sponsored by one paid title on Kindle Nation. We encourage you to support our sponsors and thank you for considering them. and now Today s Kindle Daily Deal ! Kindle Daily Deal Madboy My Journey from Adboy to Adman Packed with business insight, marketing wisdom, and a cast of characters ranging from Princess Diana to Ed McMahon, Richard Kirshenbaum s irreverent memoir about the transformation of the advertising business is as bold and delightful as Richard himself. Yesterday s Price $8.99 Today s Discount $7.00 Kindle Daily Deal Price $1.99 78% off Bookmark on Delicious Digg this post Recommend on Facebook Buzz it up Share on Linkedin share via Reddit Share with Stumblers Tweet about it Subscribe to the comments on this post Print for later Bookmark in Browser Tell a friend Tags Harry Freedman , Jerusalem Imperilled , kindle daily deal Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked Name Email Website References to prices on this website refer to prices on the main Amazon.com website for US customers. Prices will vary for readers located outside the US, and prices for US customers may change at any time. Always check the price on Amazon before making a purchase. Archives February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 April 2008 March 2008 January 2008 December 2007 Copyright 2011 Kindle Nation Daily. All Rights Reserved. Kindle Nation Daily is published independently by Stephen Windwalker and Windwalker Media and is not endorsed by Amazon.com, Inc. Magazine Basic theme designed by Themes by bavotasan.com . Powered by WordPress .')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00064', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Log In BEST DEALS KINDLES & KINDLE BOOKS FREE BOOKS ON KINDLE ALL FREE KINDLE BOOKS FICTION CLASSICS EROTICA FANTASY GAY & LESBIAN GENERAL FICTION HORROR LITERARY FICTION MYSTERY & THRILLER RELIGIOUS FICTION ROMANCE SCIENCE FICTION NONFICTION ADVICE & HOW-TO ARTS & ENTERTAINMENT BIOGRAPHY & MEMOIR BUSINESS & LEADERSHIP COMPUTERS & INTERNET COOKING, FOOD & WINE HISTORY LIFESTYLE & HOME PARENTING & FAMILIES POLITICS & CURRENT EVENTS REFERENCE RELIGION & SPIRITUALITY SCIENCE TRAVEL HUMOR SPORTS YA & KIDS QUALITY 99-CENTERS ON KINDLE ALL QUALITY 99-CENTERS FICTION CLASSICS EROTICA FANTASY GAY & LESBIAN GENERAL FICTION HORROR LITERARY FICTION MYSTERY & THRILLER RELIGIOUS FICTION ROMANCE SCIENCE FICTION NONFICTION ADVICE & HOW-TO ARTS & ENTERTAINMENT BIOGRAPHY & MEMOIR BUSINESS & INVESTING COMPUTERS & INTERNET COOKING, FOOD & WINE GENERAL NONFICTION HISTORY LIFESTYLE & HOME PARENTING & FAMILIES POLITICS & CURRENT EVENTS REFERENCE RELIGION & SPIRITUALITY SCIENCE TRAVEL HUMOR SPORTS YA & KIDS BOOKS ELIGIBLE FOR KINDLE PRIME LENDING ALL ELIGIBLE BOOKS FICTION CLASSICS EROTICA FANTASY GAY & LESBIAN GENERAL FICTION HORROR LITERARY FICTION MYSTERY & THRILLER RELIGIOUS FICTION ROMANCE SCIENCE FICTION NONFICTION ADVICE & HOW-TO ARTS & ENTERTAINMENT BIOGRAPHY & MEMOIR BUSINESS & LEADERSHIP COMPUTERS & INTERNET COOKING, FOOD & WINE GENERAL NONFICTION HISTORY LIFESTYLE & HOME PARENTING & FAMILIES POLITICS & CURRENT EVENTS REFERENCE RELIGION & SPIRITUALITY SCIENCE TRAVEL HUMOR SPORTS YA & KIDS KINDLES, KINDLE ACCESSORIES & WARRANTIES HOME KIDS CORNER ARCHIVE CONTACT FACEBOOK SPONSORSHIP EBOOKTRACKER KINDLE LINKS KND TRAFFIC SEARCH AND SORT FREE KINDLE BOOKS BY CATEGORY! All Free Kindle Books FICTION Classics Erotica Fantasy Gay & Lesbian General Horror Literary Mystery & Thriller Religious Fiction Romance Science Fiction NONFICTION Advice & How-To Arts & Entertainment Biography & Memoir Business & Leadership Computers & Internet Cooking, Food & Wine General History Lifestyle & Home Parenting & Families Politics & Current Events Reference Religion & Spirituality Travel Humor Sports YA & Kids SEARCH AND SORT 99-CENT KINDLE BOOKS BY CATEGORY! All Quality 99-Centers FICTION Classics Erotica Fantasy Gay & Lesbian General Horror Literary Mystery & Thriller Religious Fiction Romance Science Fiction NONFICTION Advice & How-To Arts & Entertainment Biography & Memoir Business & Investing Computers & Internet Cooking, Food & Wine General History Lifestyle & Home Parenting & Families Politics & Current Events Reference Religion & Spirituality Travel Humor YA & Kids SEARCH AND SORT KINDLE LENDING LIBRARY BOOKS! All Eligible Books FICTION Classics Erotica Fantasy Gay & Lesbian General Horror Literary Mystery & Thriller Religious Fiction Romance Science Fiction NONFICTION Advice & How-To Arts & Entertainment Biography & Memoir Business & Leadership Computers & Internet Cooking, Food & Wine General History Lifestyle & Home Parenting & Families Politics & Current Events Reference Religion & Spirituality Science Travel Humor Sports YA & Kids Search This Website Check Out Our Sister Sites! Authors Corner @ KND BookGorilla Kids Corner @ KND Newsletter Archive Shop for a New Kindle BookLending.com Blogs and Sites That We Follow A Kindle World Andrys Basten s Blog A Newbie\'s Guide to Publishing Joe Konrath s Blog I Love My Kindle Blog Bufo Calvin s Blog Kindle Review Abhi s Blog Publetariat April Hamilton s Blog & Website The Kindle Chronicles Len Edgerly s Podcast BookLending.com Kindle Nation Daily Bestseller Alert Our Readers Can t Get Enough of Shadonna Richards AN UNEXPECTED BRIDE And This Just In! Hot Off The Presses! Shadonna Richards Next Installment in The Bride Series, THE JILTED BRIDE -Both Now Just 99 cents and Currently Free For Amazon Prime Members Through Kindle Lending Library February 9, 2012 By Kindle Nation An Unexpected Bride The Bride Series by Shadonna Richards 3.3 stars 32 Reviews Kindle Price 99 cents Text-to-Speech and Lending Enabled Don t have a Kindle Get yours here. Here s the set-up KINDLE BESTSELLER IN ROMANCE AN UNEXPECTED BRIDE BOOK 1 IN THE BRIDE SERIES Emma Wiggins is about to marry her heart-stopping, gorgeous boss, CEO Evan Fletcher, in seven days too bad he doesn t know it yet! Desperate to fulfill her ailing grandfather s last wish to see her settle down and get married, Emma Wiggins, a 30-year-old, career-focused executive tells him a little white lie on his deathbed that she is in fact engaged to her boss, deliciously handsome and emotionally unavailable, Evan Fletcher. The situation takes an unexpected turn when her grandfather s condition improves slightly and to her shock, he goes ahead and arranges a wedding ceremony at his hospital bedside before he passes on. Now, all Emma has to do is convince unsuspecting, commitment-phobic Evan to tie the knot with her in seven days. Can love blossom in the most unlikely situation REVIEWS Her debut novel, An Unexpected Bride, has burst onto the scene, zooming up the bestseller lists and racking up fans faster than other writers racking up words .a smash hit! - KINDLE FIRE DEPARTMENT Author Shadonna Richards has an unexpected bestseller on her hands with this unheralded romantic comedy .An Unexpected Bride has sold 10,000 copies in its first three months - KINDLE NATION DAILY Shadonna Richards is a wonderful author! It s a sweet and romantic story that will sweep you off your feet. - REVIEWS BY MOLLY This sweet and humorous romance is sure to keep you entertained as well as have you giggling TWEEZLEREADS I would recommend this book to fans of chick-lit and light romance or anyone looking for a book to curl up with on a rainy afternoon. - HANDS AND HOME If you love a romance that s filled with laughs, ups, downs, twists and turns then this is for you. I am now a fan of Shadonna Richards and I can t wait to see what she has in store for her readers next! REVIEWS BY MOLLY an endearing story about a devoted granddaughter wanting to give her grandfather his last wish Pick up a copy and experience Shadonna s writing! Barb SUGARBEATS BOOKS For me, this was one of those books you cuddle up with on a stormy day, with your favorite beverage in your favorite chair, and just get lost in the story a fun read. TWEEZLEREADS The descriptions of New York and other surroundings do draw you in This is a well-written story that flows along nicely THE SCARF PRINCESS Great pacing good descriptives Judge, TARA CONTEST 2010 THIS JUST IN! HOT OFF THE PRESSES! Shadonna Richards The Jilted Bride , a Follow up From Her Bestseller An Unexpected Bride is Available Now! Just 99 cents on Kindle and Currently FREE for Amazon Prime Members Through Kindle Lending Library! The Jilted Bride The Bride Series by Shadonna Richards 5.0 stars 1 Reviews Kindle Price 99 cents Text-to-Speech and Lending Enabled About The Author Shadonna Richards enjoys reading and writing about the magic of romance and the power of love. She has a B.A. Degree in Psychology and a Diploma in Nursing. She is the author of the non-fiction books, Count Your Blessings, A Gift of Hope and Think & Be Happy 365 Empowering Thoughts to Lift Your Spirit #1 Bestseller in Meditation . Winner of Harlequin s So You Think You Can Write 2010-Day Two Challenge, she is a member of the Romance Writers of America. An Unexpected Bride is her first novel and is an Amazon Top 10 bestseller in romance. She s a proud mommy and wife and lives in Canada with her husband and son. Check out her blog at www.shadonnarichards.blogspot.com . This is a sponsored post. Bookmark on Delicious Digg this post Recommend on Facebook Buzz it up Share on Linkedin share via Reddit Share with Stumblers Tweet about it Subscribe to the comments on this post Print for later Bookmark in Browser Tell a friend Tags an unexpected bride , shadonna richards , The Jilted Bride One Response to Kindle Nation Daily Bestseller Alert Our Readers Can t Get Enough of Shadonna Richards AN UNEXPECTED BRIDE And This Just In! Hot Off The Presses! Shadonna Richards Next Installment in The Bride Series, THE JILTED BRIDE -Both Now Just 99 cents and Currently Free For Amazon Prime Members Through Kindle Lending Library Mary Duff on February 9, 2012 at 2 48 pm Thanks for the new book of The Jilted Bride. I love The Bride Series books. Reply Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked Name Email Website References to prices on this website refer to prices on the main Amazon.com website for US customers. Prices will vary for readers located outside the US, and prices for US customers may change at any time. Always check the price on Amazon before making a purchase. Archives February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 April 2008 March 2008 January 2008 December 2007 Copyright 2011 Kindle Nation Daily. All Rights Reserved. Kindle Nation Daily is published independently by Stephen Windwalker and Windwalker Media and is not endorsed by Amazon.com, Inc. Magazine Basic theme designed by Themes by bavotasan.com . Powered by WordPress .')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00065', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Log In BEST DEALS KINDLES & KINDLE BOOKS FREE BOOKS ON KINDLE ALL FREE KINDLE BOOKS FICTION CLASSICS EROTICA FANTASY GAY & LESBIAN GENERAL FICTION HORROR LITERARY FICTION MYSTERY & THRILLER RELIGIOUS FICTION ROMANCE SCIENCE FICTION NONFICTION ADVICE & HOW-TO ARTS & ENTERTAINMENT BIOGRAPHY & MEMOIR BUSINESS & LEADERSHIP COMPUTERS & INTERNET COOKING, FOOD & WINE HISTORY LIFESTYLE & HOME PARENTING & FAMILIES POLITICS & CURRENT EVENTS REFERENCE RELIGION & SPIRITUALITY SCIENCE TRAVEL HUMOR SPORTS YA & KIDS QUALITY 99-CENTERS ON KINDLE ALL QUALITY 99-CENTERS FICTION CLASSICS EROTICA FANTASY GAY & LESBIAN GENERAL FICTION HORROR LITERARY FICTION MYSTERY & THRILLER RELIGIOUS FICTION ROMANCE SCIENCE FICTION NONFICTION ADVICE & HOW-TO ARTS & ENTERTAINMENT BIOGRAPHY & MEMOIR BUSINESS & INVESTING COMPUTERS & INTERNET COOKING, FOOD & WINE GENERAL NONFICTION HISTORY LIFESTYLE & HOME PARENTING & FAMILIES POLITICS & CURRENT EVENTS REFERENCE RELIGION & SPIRITUALITY SCIENCE TRAVEL HUMOR SPORTS YA & KIDS BOOKS ELIGIBLE FOR KINDLE PRIME LENDING ALL ELIGIBLE BOOKS FICTION CLASSICS EROTICA FANTASY GAY & LESBIAN GENERAL FICTION HORROR LITERARY FICTION MYSTERY & THRILLER RELIGIOUS FICTION ROMANCE SCIENCE FICTION NONFICTION ADVICE & HOW-TO ARTS & ENTERTAINMENT BIOGRAPHY & MEMOIR BUSINESS & LEADERSHIP COMPUTERS & INTERNET COOKING, FOOD & WINE GENERAL NONFICTION HISTORY LIFESTYLE & HOME PARENTING & FAMILIES POLITICS & CURRENT EVENTS REFERENCE RELIGION & SPIRITUALITY SCIENCE TRAVEL HUMOR SPORTS YA & KIDS KINDLES, KINDLE ACCESSORIES & WARRANTIES HOME KIDS CORNER ARCHIVE CONTACT FACEBOOK SPONSORSHIP EBOOKTRACKER KINDLE LINKS KND TRAFFIC SEARCH AND SORT FREE KINDLE BOOKS BY CATEGORY! All Free Kindle Books FICTION Classics Erotica Fantasy Gay & Lesbian General Horror Literary Mystery & Thriller Religious Fiction Romance Science Fiction NONFICTION Advice & How-To Arts & Entertainment Biography & Memoir Business & Leadership Computers & Internet Cooking, Food & Wine General History Lifestyle & Home Parenting & Families Politics & Current Events Reference Religion & Spirituality Travel Humor Sports YA & Kids SEARCH AND SORT 99-CENT KINDLE BOOKS BY CATEGORY! All Quality 99-Centers FICTION Classics Erotica Fantasy Gay & Lesbian General Horror Literary Mystery & Thriller Religious Fiction Romance Science Fiction NONFICTION Advice & How-To Arts & Entertainment Biography & Memoir Business & Investing Computers & Internet Cooking, Food & Wine General History Lifestyle & Home Parenting & Families Politics & Current Events Reference Religion & Spirituality Travel Humor YA & Kids SEARCH AND SORT KINDLE LENDING LIBRARY BOOKS! All Eligible Books FICTION Classics Erotica Fantasy Gay & Lesbian General Horror Literary Mystery & Thriller Religious Fiction Romance Science Fiction NONFICTION Advice & How-To Arts & Entertainment Biography & Memoir Business & Leadership Computers & Internet Cooking, Food & Wine General History Lifestyle & Home Parenting & Families Politics & Current Events Reference Religion & Spirituality Science Travel Humor Sports YA & Kids Search This Website Check Out Our Sister Sites! Authors Corner @ KND BookGorilla Kids Corner @ KND Newsletter Archive Shop for a New Kindle BookLending.com Blogs and Sites That We Follow A Kindle World Andrys Basten s Blog A Newbie\'s Guide to Publishing Joe Konrath s Blog I Love My Kindle Blog Bufo Calvin s Blog Kindle Review Abhi s Blog Publetariat April Hamilton s Blog & Website The Kindle Chronicles Len Edgerly s Podcast BookLending.com Start Your Weekend Off Right By Loading Up With FREE Kindle Books! Five Brand New Kindle Freebies From Some of Our Authors! Emlyn Chand s FARSIGHTED, Andy Straka s THE BLUE HALLELUJAH , Hillary E. Peak s CAPPUCCINO IS THE ANSWER FOR JOB DISSATISFACTION, Roger Smith s DUST DEVILS and Judi Coltman s IN THE NAME OF THE FATHER February 10, 2012 By Kindle Nation With hundreds of new books turning up free each day now in the Kindle Store, it can be tough to hone in on books that you will actually want to read. And most of the new free books will be free for just a day or two at a time, so we are working hard to make sure that you do not miss the ones you want! Here are some books that have just gone free by authors who have already proven to be favorites with Kindle Nation readers. Please grab them now if they look interesting to you, because they probably won t stay free for long! Important Note This post is dated Friday, February 10, 2012, and the titles mentioned here may remain free only until midnight PST tonight. Please note References to prices on this website refer to prices on the main Amazon.com website for US customers. Prices will vary for readers located outside the US, and even for US customers, prices may change at any time. Always check the price on Amazon before making a purchase. Dust Devils by Roger Smith 4.8 stars 20 Reviews Kindle Price FREE! Text-to-Speech and Lending Enabled Don t have a Kindle Get yours here. Here s the set-up TO AVENGE WHAT HE LOVES, HE BECOMES WHAT HE HATES Framed for murdering his family, South African journalist Robert Dell s only ally is his oldest enemy his father, an ex-CIA hitman with one last shot at redemption. Hunting the real killer, father and son take a bloody road trip into the heart of darkness, uncovering a conspiracy reaching to the highest levels of the state. Praise for Dust Devils A bloody, hair-raising revenge tale. The Times A tour de force of a chase and pursuit thriller. I would put Roger Smith in the same class as Elmore Leonard, he s that good. Shotsmag Truly powerful writing. Florida Times-Union In The Name Of The Father by Judi Coltman 4.7 stars 14 Reviews Kindle Price FREE! Text-to-Speech and Lending Enabled Don t have a Kindle Get yours here. Here s the set-up Liz s best friend rode off on the back of a motorcycle when she was 16 years old. Her body parts washed up on the shores of a Virginia beach community days later, prompting Liz s parents to sequester her away to Richmond, far away from the vicious murder. Now on her own, Liz returns to take back that part of her life and make peace with the events of her 16th summer. John Williams heart broke when, after being questioned in the grisly murder, Liz s parents spirited her away for good, leaving him grieving for his forsaken love. With the guidance of his father, the community preacher, John moves on with a clear understanding of his life s mission. When another body turns up, savagely hacked-up on the side of the road, safety becomes elusive, even in the small community church where the answers are hidden. Liz and John have to face the truth that the killer is still out there. Watching. Waiting for them. Farsighted by Emlyn Chand 4.2 stars 115 Reviews Kindle Price FREE! Text-to-Speech and Lending Enabled Don t have a Kindle Get yours here. Here s the set-up Alex Kosmitoras s life has never been easy. The only other student who will talk to him is the school bully, his parents are dead broke and insanely overprotective, and to complicate matters even more, he s blind. Just when he thinks he ll never have a shot at a normal life, an enticing new girl comes to their small Midwest town all the way from India. Simmi is smart, nice, and actually wants to be friends with Alex. Plus she smells like an Almond Joy bar. Sophomore year might not be so bad after all. Unfortunately, Alex is in store for another new arrival an unexpected and often embarrassing ability to see the future. Try as he may, Alex is unable to ignore his visions, especially when they suggest Simmi is in mortal danger. With the help of the mysterious psychic next door and friends who come bearing gifts of their own, Alex embarks on a journey to change his future and save the woman of his dreams. Overall Winner of the Dragonfly eBook Awards, 2011 Best Young Adult Fiction, Dragonfly eBook Awards, 2011 Best Debut Author, Dragonfly eBook Awards, 2011 Winner of the Alternative Booker Award, 2011 Winner of the WritersType First Chapter Competition, September 2011 Psychic or not, you ll never see the end for this one coming! Emlyn Chand is pioneering the next big thing for YA. - Emily Reese, author of Second Death The Blue Hallelujah A Novel of Suspense by Andy Straka 4.7 stars 6 Reviews Kindle Price FREE! Text-to-Speech and Lending Enabled Don t have a Kindle Get yours here. Here s the set-up One of rising stars of the mystery genre. #1 NY Times bestselling author Rick Riordan HOW FAR WOULD YOU GO TO RESCUE YOUR GRANDCHILD AND REDEEM YOUR LONG DEAD SPOUSE Detective Jerry Strickland and his wife Rebecca shared a secret calling. When Rebecca died of cancer in prison branded as a disturbed vigilante after killing one of his murder suspects Jerry knew he needed to put the truth in writing to set the record straight. Now, as an old man nearing his own demise, Jerry is unsure whether to share his narrative about Rebecca with the world. But when his eight-year-old granddaughter Marnee disappears, Jerry learns she s been taken by someone close to the killer depicted in the pages hidden in his dresser drawer. It s time for Jerry to finish the story by confronting an evil that threatens Marnee s life and the lives of everyone around her. And by placing his faith in a higher power to redeem the love for Rebecca in his heart. Cappuccino is the Answer for Job Dissatisfaction by Hillary E. Peak 5.0 stars 1 Reviews Kindle Price FREE! Text-to-Speech and Lending Enabled Don t have a Kindle Get yours here. Here s the set-up Jessica planned to change the world. She s stunned to realize that job after crazy job presents strange characters and no real means to achieve her goal. Her solace from the daily insanity is found in a re-invigorating cappuccino. Moving from job to job and cappuccino to cappuccino, Jessica is certain success is just around the corner. She plots the next step to reach her goals and ultimate job satisfaction, but how to get there Perhaps if she grabs another cappuccino, the answer will come to her . . . This is a sponsored post. Bookmark on Delicious Digg this post Recommend on Facebook Buzz it up Share on Linkedin share via Reddit Share with Stumblers Tweet about it Subscribe to the comments on this post Print for later Bookmark in Browser Tell a friend Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked Name Email Website References to prices on this website refer to prices on the main Amazon.com website for US customers. Prices will vary for readers located outside the US, and prices for US customers may change at any time. Always check the price on Amazon before making a purchase. Archives February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 April 2008 March 2008 January 2008 December 2007 Copyright 2011 Kindle Nation Daily. All Rights Reserved. Kindle Nation Daily is published independently by Stephen Windwalker and Windwalker Media and is not endorsed by Amazon.com, Inc. Magazine Basic theme designed by Themes by bavotasan.com . Powered by WordPress .')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00066', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Log In BEST DEALS KINDLES & KINDLE BOOKS FREE BOOKS ON KINDLE ALL FREE KINDLE BOOKS FICTION CLASSICS EROTICA FANTASY GAY & LESBIAN GENERAL FICTION HORROR LITERARY FICTION MYSTERY & THRILLER RELIGIOUS FICTION ROMANCE SCIENCE FICTION NONFICTION ADVICE & HOW-TO ARTS & ENTERTAINMENT BIOGRAPHY & MEMOIR BUSINESS & LEADERSHIP COMPUTERS & INTERNET COOKING, FOOD & WINE HISTORY LIFESTYLE & HOME PARENTING & FAMILIES POLITICS & CURRENT EVENTS REFERENCE RELIGION & SPIRITUALITY SCIENCE TRAVEL HUMOR SPORTS YA & KIDS QUALITY 99-CENTERS ON KINDLE ALL QUALITY 99-CENTERS FICTION CLASSICS EROTICA FANTASY GAY & LESBIAN GENERAL FICTION HORROR LITERARY FICTION MYSTERY & THRILLER RELIGIOUS FICTION ROMANCE SCIENCE FICTION NONFICTION ADVICE & HOW-TO ARTS & ENTERTAINMENT BIOGRAPHY & MEMOIR BUSINESS & INVESTING COMPUTERS & INTERNET COOKING, FOOD & WINE GENERAL NONFICTION HISTORY LIFESTYLE & HOME PARENTING & FAMILIES POLITICS & CURRENT EVENTS REFERENCE RELIGION & SPIRITUALITY SCIENCE TRAVEL HUMOR SPORTS YA & KIDS BOOKS ELIGIBLE FOR KINDLE PRIME LENDING ALL ELIGIBLE BOOKS FICTION CLASSICS EROTICA FANTASY GAY & LESBIAN GENERAL FICTION HORROR LITERARY FICTION MYSTERY & THRILLER RELIGIOUS FICTION ROMANCE SCIENCE FICTION NONFICTION ADVICE & HOW-TO ARTS & ENTERTAINMENT BIOGRAPHY & MEMOIR BUSINESS & LEADERSHIP COMPUTERS & INTERNET COOKING, FOOD & WINE GENERAL NONFICTION HISTORY LIFESTYLE & HOME PARENTING & FAMILIES POLITICS & CURRENT EVENTS REFERENCE RELIGION & SPIRITUALITY SCIENCE TRAVEL HUMOR SPORTS YA & KIDS KINDLES, KINDLE ACCESSORIES & WARRANTIES HOME KIDS CORNER ARCHIVE CONTACT FACEBOOK SPONSORSHIP EBOOKTRACKER KINDLE LINKS KND TRAFFIC SEARCH AND SORT FREE KINDLE BOOKS BY CATEGORY! All Free Kindle Books FICTION Classics Erotica Fantasy Gay & Lesbian General Horror Literary Mystery & Thriller Religious Fiction Romance Science Fiction NONFICTION Advice & How-To Arts & Entertainment Biography & Memoir Business & Leadership Computers & Internet Cooking, Food & Wine General History Lifestyle & Home Parenting & Families Politics & Current Events Reference Religion & Spirituality Travel Humor Sports YA & Kids SEARCH AND SORT 99-CENT KINDLE BOOKS BY CATEGORY! All Quality 99-Centers FICTION Classics Erotica Fantasy Gay & Lesbian General Horror Literary Mystery & Thriller Religious Fiction Romance Science Fiction NONFICTION Advice & How-To Arts & Entertainment Biography & Memoir Business & Investing Computers & Internet Cooking, Food & Wine General History Lifestyle & Home Parenting & Families Politics & Current Events Reference Religion & Spirituality Travel Humor YA & Kids SEARCH AND SORT KINDLE LENDING LIBRARY BOOKS! All Eligible Books FICTION Classics Erotica Fantasy Gay & Lesbian General Horror Literary Mystery & Thriller Religious Fiction Romance Science Fiction NONFICTION Advice & How-To Arts & Entertainment Biography & Memoir Business & Leadership Computers & Internet Cooking, Food & Wine General History Lifestyle & Home Parenting & Families Politics & Current Events Reference Religion & Spirituality Science Travel Humor Sports YA & Kids Search This Website Check Out Our Sister Sites! Authors Corner @ KND BookGorilla Kids Corner @ KND Newsletter Archive Shop for a New Kindle BookLending.com Blogs and Sites That We Follow A Kindle World Andrys Basten s Blog A Newbie\'s Guide to Publishing Joe Konrath s Blog I Love My Kindle Blog Bufo Calvin s Blog Kindle Review Abhi s Blog Publetariat April Hamilton s Blog & Website The Kindle Chronicles Len Edgerly s Podcast BookLending.com Three Brand New Kindle Freebies From a Few of Kindle Nation Daily s Favorite Authors! Emlyn Chand s FARSIGHTED, Andy Straka s THE BLUE HALLELUJAH and Hillary E. Peak s CAPPUCCINO IS THE ANSWER FOR JOB DISSATISFACTION February 9, 2012 By Kindle Nation With hundreds of new books turning up free each day now in the Kindle Store, it can be tough to hone in on books that you will actually want to read. And most of the new free books will be free for just a day or two at a time, so we are working hard to make sure that you do not miss the ones you want! Here are a few books that have just gone free by authors who have already proven to be favorites with Kindle Nation readers. Please grab them now if they look interesting to you, because they probably won t stay free for long! Important Note This post is dated Thursday, February 09, 2012, and the titles mentioned here may remain free only until midnight PST tonight. Please note References to prices on this website refer to prices on the main Amazon.com website for US customers. Prices will vary for readers located outside the US, and even for US customers, prices may change at any time. Always check the price on Amazon before making a purchase. Farsighted by Emlyn Chand 4.2 stars 115 Reviews Kindle Price FREE! Text-to-Speech and Lending Enabled Don t have a Kindle Get yours here. Here s the set-up Alex Kosmitoras s life has never been easy. The only other student who will talk to him is the school bully, his parents are dead broke and insanely overprotective, and to complicate matters even more, he s blind. Just when he thinks he ll never have a shot at a normal life, an enticing new girl comes to their small Midwest town all the way from India. Simmi is smart, nice, and actually wants to be friends with Alex. Plus she smells like an Almond Joy bar. Sophomore year might not be so bad after all. Unfortunately, Alex is in store for another new arrival an unexpected and often embarrassing ability to see the future. Try as he may, Alex is unable to ignore his visions, especially when they suggest Simmi is in mortal danger. With the help of the mysterious psychic next door and friends who come bearing gifts of their own, Alex embarks on a journey to change his future and save the woman of his dreams. Overall Winner of the Dragonfly eBook Awards, 2011 Best Young Adult Fiction, Dragonfly eBook Awards, 2011 Best Debut Author, Dragonfly eBook Awards, 2011 Winner of the Alternative Booker Award, 2011 Winner of the WritersType First Chapter Competition, September 2011 Psychic or not, you ll never see the end for this one coming! Emlyn Chand is pioneering the next big thing for YA. - Emily Reese, author of Second Death The Blue Hallelujah A Novel of Suspense by Andy Straka 4.7 stars 6 Reviews Kindle Price FREE! Text-to-Speech and Lending Enabled Don t have a Kindle Get yours here. Here s the set-up One of rising stars of the mystery genre. #1 NY Times bestselling author Rick Riordan HOW FAR WOULD YOU GO TO RESCUE YOUR GRANDCHILD AND REDEEM YOUR LONG DEAD SPOUSE Detective Jerry Strickland and his wife Rebecca shared a secret calling. When Rebecca died of cancer in prison branded as a disturbed vigilante after killing one of his murder suspects Jerry knew he needed to put the truth in writing to set the record straight. Now, as an old man nearing his own demise, Jerry is unsure whether to share his narrative about Rebecca with the world. But when his eight-year-old granddaughter Marnee disappears, Jerry learns she s been taken by someone close to the killer depicted in the pages hidden in his dresser drawer. It s time for Jerry to finish the story by confronting an evil that threatens Marnee s life and the lives of everyone around her. And by placing his faith in a higher power to redeem the love for Rebecca in his heart. Cappuccino is the Answer for Job Dissatisfaction by Hillary E. Peak 5.0 stars 1 Reviews Kindle Price FREE! Text-to-Speech and Lending Enabled Don t have a Kindle Get yours here. Here s the set-up Jessica planned to change the world. She s stunned to realize that job after crazy job presents strange characters and no real means to achieve her goal. Her solace from the daily insanity is found in a re-invigorating cappuccino. Moving from job to job and cappuccino to cappuccino, Jessica is certain success is just around the corner. She plots the next step to reach her goals and ultimate job satisfaction, but how to get there Perhaps if she grabs another cappuccino, the answer will come to her . . . This is a sponsored post. Bookmark on Delicious Digg this post Recommend on Facebook Buzz it up Share on Linkedin share via Reddit Share with Stumblers Tweet about it Subscribe to the comments on this post Print for later Bookmark in Browser Tell a friend Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked Name Email Website References to prices on this website refer to prices on the main Amazon.com website for US customers. Prices will vary for readers located outside the US, and prices for US customers may change at any time. Always check the price on Amazon before making a purchase. Archives February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 April 2008 March 2008 January 2008 December 2007 Copyright 2011 Kindle Nation Daily. All Rights Reserved. Kindle Nation Daily is published independently by Stephen Windwalker and Windwalker Media and is not endorsed by Amazon.com, Inc. Magazine Basic theme designed by Themes by bavotasan.com . Powered by WordPress .')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00067', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Log In BEST DEALS KINDLES & KINDLE BOOKS FREE BOOKS ON KINDLE ALL FREE KINDLE BOOKS FICTION CLASSICS EROTICA FANTASY GAY & LESBIAN GENERAL FICTION HORROR LITERARY FICTION MYSTERY & THRILLER RELIGIOUS FICTION ROMANCE SCIENCE FICTION NONFICTION ADVICE & HOW-TO ARTS & ENTERTAINMENT BIOGRAPHY & MEMOIR BUSINESS & LEADERSHIP COMPUTERS & INTERNET COOKING, FOOD & WINE HISTORY LIFESTYLE & HOME PARENTING & FAMILIES POLITICS & CURRENT EVENTS REFERENCE RELIGION & SPIRITUALITY SCIENCE TRAVEL HUMOR SPORTS YA & KIDS QUALITY 99-CENTERS ON KINDLE ALL QUALITY 99-CENTERS FICTION CLASSICS EROTICA FANTASY GAY & LESBIAN GENERAL FICTION HORROR LITERARY FICTION MYSTERY & THRILLER RELIGIOUS FICTION ROMANCE SCIENCE FICTION NONFICTION ADVICE & HOW-TO ARTS & ENTERTAINMENT BIOGRAPHY & MEMOIR BUSINESS & INVESTING COMPUTERS & INTERNET COOKING, FOOD & WINE GENERAL NONFICTION HISTORY LIFESTYLE & HOME PARENTING & FAMILIES POLITICS & CURRENT EVENTS REFERENCE RELIGION & SPIRITUALITY SCIENCE TRAVEL HUMOR SPORTS YA & KIDS BOOKS ELIGIBLE FOR KINDLE PRIME LENDING ALL ELIGIBLE BOOKS FICTION CLASSICS EROTICA FANTASY GAY & LESBIAN GENERAL FICTION HORROR LITERARY FICTION MYSTERY & THRILLER RELIGIOUS FICTION ROMANCE SCIENCE FICTION NONFICTION ADVICE & HOW-TO ARTS & ENTERTAINMENT BIOGRAPHY & MEMOIR BUSINESS & LEADERSHIP COMPUTERS & INTERNET COOKING, FOOD & WINE GENERAL NONFICTION HISTORY LIFESTYLE & HOME PARENTING & FAMILIES POLITICS & CURRENT EVENTS REFERENCE RELIGION & SPIRITUALITY SCIENCE TRAVEL HUMOR SPORTS YA & KIDS KINDLES, KINDLE ACCESSORIES & WARRANTIES HOME KIDS CORNER ARCHIVE CONTACT FACEBOOK SPONSORSHIP EBOOKTRACKER KINDLE LINKS KND TRAFFIC SEARCH AND SORT FREE KINDLE BOOKS BY CATEGORY! All Free Kindle Books FICTION Classics Erotica Fantasy Gay & Lesbian General Horror Literary Mystery & Thriller Religious Fiction Romance Science Fiction NONFICTION Advice & How-To Arts & Entertainment Biography & Memoir Business & Leadership Computers & Internet Cooking, Food & Wine General History Lifestyle & Home Parenting & Families Politics & Current Events Reference Religion & Spirituality Travel Humor Sports YA & Kids SEARCH AND SORT 99-CENT KINDLE BOOKS BY CATEGORY! All Quality 99-Centers FICTION Classics Erotica Fantasy Gay & Lesbian General Horror Literary Mystery & Thriller Religious Fiction Romance Science Fiction NONFICTION Advice & How-To Arts & Entertainment Biography & Memoir Business & Investing Computers & Internet Cooking, Food & Wine General History Lifestyle & Home Parenting & Families Politics & Current Events Reference Religion & Spirituality Travel Humor YA & Kids SEARCH AND SORT KINDLE LENDING LIBRARY BOOKS! All Eligible Books FICTION Classics Erotica Fantasy Gay & Lesbian General Horror Literary Mystery & Thriller Religious Fiction Romance Science Fiction NONFICTION Advice & How-To Arts & Entertainment Biography & Memoir Business & Leadership Computers & Internet Cooking, Food & Wine General History Lifestyle & Home Parenting & Families Politics & Current Events Reference Religion & Spirituality Science Travel Humor Sports YA & Kids Search This Website Check Out Our Sister Sites! Authors Corner @ KND BookGorilla Kids Corner @ KND Newsletter Archive Shop for a New Kindle BookLending.com Blogs and Sites That We Follow A Kindle World Andrys Basten s Blog A Newbie\'s Guide to Publishing Joe Konrath s Blog I Love My Kindle Blog Bufo Calvin s Blog Kindle Review Abhi s Blog Publetariat April Hamilton s Blog & Website The Kindle Chronicles Len Edgerly s Podcast BookLending.com WAIT! There s More! Two Brand New Kindle Freebies From a Couple of Kindle Nation Daily s Favorite Authors! Brenda Wallace s BRILLIANT PREY and Tracy Sumner s TO SEDUCE A ROGUE February 9, 2012 By Kindle Nation With hundreds of new books turning up free each day now in the Kindle Store, it can be tough to hone in on books that you will actually want to read. And most of the new free books will be free for just a day or two at a time, so we are working hard to make sure that you do not miss the ones you want! Here are a couple of books that have just gone free by authors who have already proven to be favorites with Kindle Nation readers. Please grab them now if they look interesting to you, because they probably won t stay free for long! Important Note This post is dated Thursday, February 09, 2012, and the titles mentioned here may remain free only until midnight PST tonight. Please note References to prices on this website refer to prices on the main Amazon.com website for US customers. Prices will vary for readers located outside the US, and even for US customers, prices may change at any time. Always check the price on Amazon before making a purchase. Brilliant Prey by Brenda Wallace 3.8 stars 22 Reviews Kindle Price FREE! Text-to-Speech and Lending Enabled Don t have a Kindle Get yours here. Here s the set-up A twisting, intense psychological thriller. Bestselling author Scott Nicholson, Liquid Fear Even a genius can be played for a pawn by a cunning and deadly manipulator. Lauren James is a former psychiatrist, still reeling from her husband s suicide and the subsequent miscarriage that swept away her tidy life the year before. On the anniversary of his death, she opens what she hopes to be a Welcome to Mensa envelope and pulls out a threatening puzzle along with the identical suicide note she had burned the previous year. Unraveling the twisted clues, Lauren embarks on a harrowing journey drawn in by a child s neglected grave, a professor from the island of St. Croix, and a U.S. Supreme Court nominee. When Lauren discovers the reason behind her husband s shocking death, she must struggle with her deepest convictions and whether killing is acceptable if it saves more lives. To Seduce A Rogue Southern Heat/Book One ADAM by Tracy Sumner 5 stars 8 Reviews Kindle Price FREE! Text-to-Speech and Lending Enabled Don t have a Kindle Get yours here. Here s the set-up The battle of the sexes heats up the pages of this fun and fresh romance by talented new writer Tracy Sumner. New York Times bestselling author Susan Wiggs In this battle of wills, passion becomes front-page news. He challenged her legacy. She challenged him to love. In 1850s South Carolina, ladies with ambition and a penchant for wearing trousers are rare indeed. But that s Charlotte Whitney all over. Not only does Charlie yearn to resurrect her late father s newspaper, she wants to be its editor. That position, however, has been handed to Richmond newspaperman Adam Chase. Undeterred, Charlie convinces Adam to teach her the journalism trade. In doing so, she teaches him how to open his heart. Adam Chase had one goal in mind to return Edgemont s newspaper to its former glory and then make tracks back to the big city. But he faces one very tempting obstacle in outspoken Charlie Whitney. The newsroom becomes the battleground for a war between the sexes until Adam surrenders to Charlie s sultry charms. Together, they discover that the power of the press doesn t hold a candle to the power of love. This is a sponsored post. Bookmark on Delicious Digg this post Recommend on Facebook Buzz it up Share on Linkedin share via Reddit Share with Stumblers Tweet about it Subscribe to the comments on this post Print for later Bookmark in Browser Tell a friend Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked Name Email Website References to prices on this website refer to prices on the main Amazon.com website for US customers. Prices will vary for readers located outside the US, and prices for US customers may change at any time. Always check the price on Amazon before making a purchase. Archives February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 April 2008 March 2008 January 2008 December 2007 Copyright 2011 Kindle Nation Daily. All Rights Reserved. Kindle Nation Daily is published independently by Stephen Windwalker and Windwalker Media and is not endorsed by Amazon.com, Inc. Magazine Basic theme designed by Themes by bavotasan.com . Powered by WordPress .')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00069', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"> Home Classes Offered Magick School Forum Weekly Announcements Elementary Magick Classes Intermediate Magick Classes Advanced Magick Classes Contact Us Magick_School 480 274-2285 Magick_School2012@yahoo.com https //twitter.com/MagickSchool Magick School, where all the Little Wiccans Go to learn! Here at Magick School, we offer a vast variety of methods for young Wiccans, to help Educate them about the Craft, and all the Good Thing\'s you can do with it.. Basic Dark Magick will not be offered to ANY STUDENT attending MagickSchool2012. Here at MagickSchool2012,we will have a wide variety of Classes, as well as Educator\'s for those classes, that way you young wiccans don\'t get bored or distracted from studying. Any suggestions about MagickSchool2012, may be made to Me, Daniel Jones, via the Contact us page.. Thank You Tweet " Don\'t Forget to ask the Head about Extra-Credit Activities"..! - Teacher Application Short Form Name Last, First, M.I. Age Resident Country Primary Language Years Of Study-In Concern with Wicca Learned Under A Priest Yes No If Yes, How many years 6 Months + Under 5 Years Under 10 Years Why do you want to be a Teacher Special Skills This free website was made using Yola. No HTML skills required. Build your website in minutes. Go to www.yola.com and sign up today! Make a free website with Yola')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00079', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"> The Daily Egg Hard boiled conversion optimization and design advice for small business. Featured 1 /5 previous next The 4-Point Minimalist Guide to Web Design User Experience Tweet The 4-Point Minimalist Guide to Web Design Sanj Sahayam February 10, 2012 4 Comments A typical webpage has images sliders, videos, social media widgets, blog summaries and advertisements vying for our attention. But more is not always better. Sometimes, more is just more. Click to continue... How To Design A Twitter Background That Gets More Traffic, Followers and Engagement Conversion Optimization Tweet How To Design A Twitter Background That Gets More Traffic, Followers and Engagement Kristi Hines February 9, 2012 1 Comments When it comes to Twitter, one of the most powerful conversion points for your profile beyond your bio, website links, and tweets is the profile background itself. Click to continue... How To Design a 404 Page That Keeps Visitors On Your Site User Experience Tweet How To Design a 404 Page That Keeps Visitors On Your Site Stephanie Hamilton February 8, 2012 2 Comments You shouldn t understate its utility. The 404 page is perhaps the most neglected web design element. When your website visitors land on your 404 Page Not Found page, it can be everything from a major inconvenience Click to continue... 8 Places To Find Royalty Free Images That haven t been overused Branding Tweet 8 Places To Find Royalty Free Images That haven t been overused Stephanie Hamilton February 7, 2012 6 Comments Hey, I ve seen that image before. Actually, I ve seen it many times before. Images allow you to express what words can t. Click to continue... What s Your Type The 5-Step Guide to Finding the Right Font Font Tweet What s Your Type The 5-Step Guide to Finding the Right Font Babar Suleman February 6, 2012 1 Comments The way you say some thing is just as important as what you say. It is therefore unfortunate that even today a number of designers continue to paint every elegant message with Monotype Corsiva Click to continue... Get Email Updates Search the Blog RSS Twitter Facebook Popular Latest All Time Popular How To Design a 404 Page That Keeps Visitors On Your Site The Copywriting List What Copywriters Have in Common with Jockeys 8 Stunning Facebook Landing Page Designs And why they work How To Design A Twitter Background That Gets More Traffic, Followers and Engagement The 4-Point Minimalist Guide to Web Design How To Design A Twitter Background That Gets More Traffic, Followers and Engagement How To Design a 404 Page That Keeps Visitors On Your Site 8 Places To Find Royalty Free Images That haven t been overused All Time 8 Stunning Facebook Landing Page Designs And why they work Use This SEO Planning Template For Your Next Web Design Project 14 Simple Website Changes That Increase Conversion The Copywriting List What Copywriters Have in Common with Jockeys Popular Categories Marketing Web Design Conversion Optimization Scrambled Eggs Copy Writing User Experience User Interface Branding Opinion Mobile Popular Posts How To Design a 404 Page That Keeps Visitors On Your Site The Copywriting List What Copywriters Have in Common with Jockeys 8 Stunning Facebook Landing Page Designs And why they work How To Design A Twitter Background That Gets More Traffic, Followers and Engagement 8 Places To Find Royalty Free Images That haven\'t been overused User Experience The 4-Point Minimalist Guide to Web Design A typical webpage has images sliders, videos, social media widgets, blog summaries and advertisements vying for our Click to continue 4 Comments Conversion Optimization How To Design A Twitter Background That Gets More Traffic, Followers and Engagement When it comes to Twitter, one of the most powerful conversion points for your profile beyond your Click to continue 1 Comments User Experience How To Design a 404 Page That Keeps Visitors On Your Site You shouldn t understate its utility. The 404 page is perhaps the most neglected web design element. When Click to continue 2 Comments Branding 8 Places To Find Royalty Free Images That haven t been overused Hey, I ve seen that image before. Actually, I ve seen it many times before. Images allow you to Click to continue 6 Comments Font What s Your Type The 5-Step Guide to Finding the Right Font The way you say some thing is just as important as what you say. It is therefore Click to continue 1 Comments Conversion Optimization 4 Unique Ways to Increase Email Marketing Conversion Rates When it comes to email marketing, it s all about open rates and more importantly, conversion rates. With Click to continue 1 Comments Conversion Optimization 8 Brilliant Examples Of Social Proof On The Web Aileen Lee got it right social proof is the new marketing. But this really shouldn t be any Click to continue 10 Comments Marketing 15 Twitter Hashtags for #WebDesign & How To Use Them If you are a Twitter hashtag veteran, bear with me for a moment. We will get to Click to continue 5 Comments Opinion GOP 2012 How The Primary Candidates Websites Stack Up Engaging voters online is an increasingly important part of the electoral process. The 2008 Presidential campaign saw Click to continue 0 Comments Older posts Produced by Crazy Egg and Designed by Digital Telepathy Design Agency 2006-2012 Crazy Egg, Inc. All rights reserved Hosting by phpfog')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00080', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"> The Daily Egg Hard boiled conversion optimization and design advice for small business. User Experience 14 Examples of The Persuasive Power of Color in Web Design Tweet Stephanie Hamilton October 3, 2011 7 Comments To see the impact color has on the overall user experience of a website, one need only strip away a hue to see how the visual flow is affected. While color creates the mood and feel of the site by directing user attention to certain elements, there are many ways to approach the use of color. Hue, value, and saturation are all three integrated dimensions of color that, when used properly, can enhance the site s message just as well, if not better, than using flashy colors. In this article we ll delve deeper into color psychology as it relates to web design, and view examples of sites that used color persuasively in their branding efforts. A quick intro to color For a primer on color, one should refer to the color wheel, as it presents a logically arranged sequence of pure hues. I m sure you re familiar with the primaries red, yellow, and blue; and secondaries green, orange, and purple which are formed by mixing the primaries. Tertiary colors are comprised of the middle colors like yellow-green and blue-green. They are created by mixing a primary color and a secondary color. We often refer to the color wheel as it can be used to create harmonious color schemes, leading to an effective visual experience. The Power of Color The two most popular advertising color choices in America, blue and red, are frequently used on websites globally. Blue connotes trustworthiness, loyalty, and sincerity, and is most often a business favorite due to these attributes. But blue isn t for everyone and the best method of determining the right color or colors for your brand or website is to first consider the target group you re trying to reach. Colors have different meanings to various age groups, cultures, and nationalities. They have the power to reach beyond just connotations and hold the viewer s attention, communicate what the business is about, and make a sale. When you think of the impact color has on a particular audience it s easy to see why companies exert a lot of time and effort in choosing the right one. 5 website elements affected by color 1 Text Links A common solution for drawing attention to monochromatic links is to give them a faint background to lift them off the page. This technique is shown in the navigation for AppZapper . The active link on the navigation for Font Explorer is styled differently than the rest, giving the user a quick glimpse at where they are on the website. 2 Navigation Bronto uses saturated colors to bring attention to its navigation. This balance works well with the rest of the site, which is more subdued yet takes up more screen real estate. 3 Buttons Postbox uses red and blue on its call- to-action buttons. These highly saturated and large buttons do a great job of drawing attention to the intended action the user should take to download or buy the software. Compare how the less-saturated button just below and to the right would fare if those buttons switched colors. The complimentary color of blue is used on the call-to-action button on Live Resto to set it apart on the layout and add emphasis. 4 Headings The minimal, clean website for Billings makes use of vibrant blue headings for emphasis. 5 List Items A Small Orange makes use of its brand colors in the list of recent news posts. The color doesn t overwhelm, as it s used sparingly with a white background to ease its vibrancy. Color can affect readability If the text on your site is meant for scanning instead of reading, it s okay to have gray text on a black background. On the website for VersionsApp , the monotony is broken up through highlighting and the use of splashes of color throughout the text. Sometimes the best solution is to have dark text on a white background. Readability is hardly a problem with this method. When necessary, you can incorporate color into quotes or bullet points as shown here for Crazy Egg . Color can affect accessibility We should also think of color in terms of accessibility for color-blind users. After all, these color deficiencies affect about 8% of males and 0.5% of females. The great thing about designing for this niche is good design judgment is really all it takes. For instance don t use colors with similar brightness values as the base of your website. This causes the text to vibrate and can lead to watery eyes. Also, if you re going to use a change in background color to designate a hover state, make sure it has enough contrast and is different in its relative brightness. It s also a good idea to add another design element such as a stroke to a button when this hover is activated, providing further contrast. The call-to-action buttons on the website for Notify feature a contrasting outer glow stroke when the user hovers over them. Such small details add contrast to the button. Going Monochromatic We re past the era of web design where we have to use as many flashy colors as possible to grab the user s attention. Thankfully, we ve developed insight into how we can convey a message using shades of one color. The use of monochromatic color in layouts is a common practice for designers who want to portray a balanced interface while focusing on the overall UX instead of merely coloring things up. As you ll see by the following examples, it s possible to create an engaging and informed layout by simply using one color. The Invoice Machine uses a grayscale for the design of its invoicing software s website. Blue, the common color for links, is used as a border around the buttons, emphasizing their importance in relation to the rest of the site. This makes the buttons stand out without resulting in a bubbly, 3-D look. Davroc Interiors creates a soothing visual experience on its website. Hover over the photographs to reveal full-color images that add a layer of interest to the minimal website. Blue, the universal link color, is used in areas throughout the site to enhance the user experience. Metelab also uses a monochromatic color scheme on its website. Notice the use of saturation on the top-right button. Saturated colors are effective on buttons, links, alerts and system messages because they grab the user s attention. It s important to use these colors sparingly, as too many can slow the user down. When used correctly, saturation can be exciting and dynamic. Gray is a common color used in web design these days because it doesn t compete with saturated and desaturated colors. The absence of color on The Grid System site is a great opportunity to make use of white space and bold typography when necessary. Such elements help create hierarchy by grouping elements together according to importance. There may be millions of colors out there, and as a designer my goal is to choose those that speak to my client s business and mission. While some companies adopt color as a tool to enhance dynamism, others are put off by it when used sporadically. Through the examples I ve shown in this article, I hope to strike a balance between these extremes one where color can be used in all its vibrancy but still be elegant, and alternative approaches to the use of color, such as the monochromatic color scheme. Have you noticed a color trend that is not addressed in this article Let me know in the comments! About the Author Stephanie Hamilton is freelance Graphic Designer. Holding a BFA in Graphic Design, she has several years experience designing the latest in print and building better user interfaces and websites. You can visit her website and follow her on twitter . Image courtesy of Viktor Hertz 7 Comments Post a comment Wasim Ismail October 5, 2011 at 6 40 am Stephanie, getting the right combination of colours, is very important, as you have highlighted here, if you notice in all of them, the key is to keep it simple, Not to over complicate the site with funky colours, and to instead focus on user experience and conversions. Thanks for the article. Reply Russ Henneberry October 5, 2011 at 9 42 am @Wasim Ismail Thanks for the comment Wasim. One of the tools I use when designing is kuler.adobe.com it allows you to view color combinations and save combinations of colors that you have created. Super powerful tool from the folks over at Adobe. Reply Sherice Jacob October 5, 2011 at 12 38 pm Another great tool is the gallery over at http //www.colorschemer.com lots of inspiration from many different users. Reply Russ Henneberry October 5, 2011 at 3 07 pm Super cool Sherice. Thanks for the heads up. Reply Pj Schott October 10, 2011 at 10 22 am Fabulous!! Reply Gav November 5, 2011 at 5 17 am I m confused. RGB is Red Green Blue, but these are the primairy colors aren t they Reply Gregory February 6, 2012 at 1 37 pm Thank you for psnitog this! I have always needed to learn about color theory, and this was a great place to start. Reply Post a Comment Cancel reply Name Email Message You may use these HTML tags and attributes a href "" title ""> abbr title ""> acronym title ""> b> blockquote cite ""> cite> code> del datetime ""> em> i> q cite ""> strike> strong> Notify me of followup comments via e-mail Get Email Updates Search the Blog Browse Posts Recent Posts User Experience The 4-Point Minimalist Guide to Web Design Conversion Optimization How To Design A Twitter Background That Gets More Traffic, Followers and Engagement User Experience How To Design a 404 Page That Keeps Visitors On Your Site Branding 8 Places To Find Royalty Free Images That haven t been overused Font What s Your Type The 5-Step Guide to Finding the Right Font Conversion Optimization 4 Unique Ways to Increase Email Marketing Conversion Rates Produced by Crazy Egg and Designed by Digital Telepathy Design Agency 2006-2012 Crazy Egg, Inc. All rights reserved Hosting by phpfog')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00081', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"> The Daily Egg Hard boiled conversion optimization and design advice for small business. Conversion Optimization 3 Easy Steps To Turbo-Charge Testimonials For a Lift in Web Conversions Tweet Russ Henneberry October 4, 2011 3 Comments Why do you do what you do One of the ways we decide what to do is to find out what others are doing. You know, like when you re in a restaurant and you don t know what to order. It s easy to say, I ll have what he s having. It s called social proof. Social proof is one of Dr. Robert Cialdini s five laws of influence . And it s a powerful one. Dr. Cialdini reminds us that advertisers incessantly remind us that their products are the best selling or fastest growing to imply that others are doing it, so why aren t you Bartenders salt their tip jar with a $10 bill to increase tips. Sitcoms provide laugh tracks to activate our deep-rooted instincts to do what others are doing in this case, laughing. On the web, customer testimonials have proven to be a high-impact method for increasing web conversions. But all testimonials are not created equal. Sure, putting any authentic testimonial on your website is likely to lift conversions. But if you apply the three tips below, testimonials can provide a tremendous lift in web conversions. Step 1 Gather testimonials that overcome sales objections Make a list of every reason a prospect would not purchase your product or service. Now, gather at least one testimonial that overcomes each objection. For instance, Jane sells website design services. She often hears from customers that they don t want to rebuild their website because they aren t sure if they will ever recover the cost of redesigning. A testimonial like this ought to do the trick I redesigned my website with Jane and recovered my money the first six months of having my new website. Now, it s all positive ROI. It was the best investment I made this year. And, Jane also receives sales objections from prospects who think redesigning a web site will be too time-intensive. Gathering a testimonial like this one should calm their nerves Jane s website design process was so simple. She was very considerate of my time and I came away with a professional, new website with none of the hassle. Every prospect that hasn t converted is held up by some objection. The right testimonial will provide the social proof needed to convert the prospect. Step 2 Place testimonials strategically Sure, Jane could place the above testimonials on the home page. Or, in a rotating area in the sidebar, header or footer. But, there is a better way. Great marketers and sales people seem to know just the right time to say something. They can anticipate the next question in the mind of the prospect. The difficulty in writing good sales copy is anticipating the prospect s next question without being with them physically. Put some thought into the placement of your testimonials. If you do, you ll likely find a strategic area to place each testimonial. For instance, on the sales page for Jane s website design services there will be or should be an area where Jane addresses the issue of price. Some testing would be in order, but for those without the time or the volume of traffic needed to test, it would make sense to place this testimonial next to your discussion about pricing. In general, don t just place testimonials without thinking. Take a minute to place the testimonial in a location where it has the best chance of overcoming the objection that is on the prospect s mind. Step 3 Add meat, not cheese to your testimonials Unfortunately, we have grown skeptical of testimonials. Too many scammers out there writing testimonials that range from clearly fake to slightly cheesy. As a result, testimonials have to have meat on their bones. Consider adding the following to your testimonials to boost their credibility Head shot Full name Company name Title Website URL Blood type Of course I m kidding about the blood type, but the point is that testimonials that provide more detail will convert better. They re simply more believable. For instance, the testimonial written for Jane s website design services will be much more credible if it looked like this. Jane s website design process was so simple. She was very considerate of my time and I came away with a professional, new website with none of the hassle. ~ Russ Henneberry, Director of Marketing Acme Manufacturing http //www.acmemanufacturing.com O Universal Donor How to effectively gather testimonials First, don t be afraid to ask for testimonials . A happy customer is usually willing to provide a testimonial for you. After all, you solved their problem. Be ready to pop the question at any point throughout your relationship with a customer. The best time to ask is when they praise you. Customers will often say things like Wow, Jane! You really saved my life here. I really appreciate you being so responsive on this problem. My boss was breathing down my neck. A logical follow-up from Jane would be It was my pleasure. I have really enjoyed working on this project. Would you mind providing me a short testimonial for my marketing materials How can they say no to that Some customers don t go out of their way to compliment you, but if you know they re happy with your services, ask for the testimonial. Phrase your requests for testimonials carefully And when you ask, the way you phrase the question is critical. Remember you re trying to address objections that prospects have while they re reading the sales copy on your website. For example, if Jane knows she needs a testimonial that will overcome the price objection on her website, she could phrase the request for testimonial this way It was my pleasure. I have really enjoyed working on this project. Would you mind providing me a short testimonial for my marketing materials Perhaps you could answer this question Why do you think working with Jane on your website redesign was a good value for your business By phrasing the request for testimonial in this way, you make it very likely that the customer will provide you with the testimonial you need to overcome the price objection. Take advantage of these tips and provide the powerful social proof needed to increases conversions. It s true. All testimonials are not created equally. About the Author Russ Hennebery writes, speaks and executes on marketing strategies on the Wordpress website platform . Get 10 Free Internet marketing video lessons including The #1 Barrer To Gaining New Business And how to overcome it here . Image courtesy of Mario Pleitez 3 Comments Post a comment Mich October 11, 2011 at 1 17 pm Great read! I find this very useful as part of the process! Reply Russ Henneberry October 11, 2011 at 3 23 pm Thanks Mich! I have found it to be a very powerful method! Reply Lene Leadbeater January 9, 2012 at 11 45 am Thanks for the great advise very usefull Reply Post a Comment Cancel reply Name Email Message You may use these HTML tags and attributes a href "" title ""> abbr title ""> acronym title ""> b> blockquote cite ""> cite> code> del datetime ""> em> i> q cite ""> strike> strong> Notify me of followup comments via e-mail Get Email Updates Search the Blog Browse Posts Recent Posts User Experience The 4-Point Minimalist Guide to Web Design Conversion Optimization How To Design A Twitter Background That Gets More Traffic, Followers and Engagement User Experience How To Design a 404 Page That Keeps Visitors On Your Site Branding 8 Places To Find Royalty Free Images That haven t been overused Font What s Your Type The 5-Step Guide to Finding the Right Font Conversion Optimization 4 Unique Ways to Increase Email Marketing Conversion Rates Produced by Crazy Egg and Designed by Digital Telepathy Design Agency 2006-2012 Crazy Egg, Inc. All rights reserved Hosting by phpfog')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00082', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"> The Daily Egg Hard boiled conversion optimization and design advice for small business. Copy Writing The Sexiest Way to Make So Much Money It Scares You Tweet Demian Farnworth January 26, 2012 6 Comments It starts with the copy. Copy so irresistible that readers rush hot and heavy through your sales letter begging to do whatever it is you want them to do. Buy, donate or subscribe. It doesn t matter. They want to do it. But not everyone can write sales letters like that. Unless you know the three appeals that are behind every successful advertisement. The good sales letters use at least one of these appeals. The best use all three. What are these three appeals Let s explore. Sex Soft core. Hard core. No core. Sex sells. Men s Health knows this and makes a mint from creating products and sales letter that put the physical act and how to get better at/more of it as a key motivator for sales. The image above is from one of their products The Big Book of Sex . They do an excellent job of segmenting their audience between men and women and then creating appeals that, well appeal to each But using sex as an appeal isn t limited to the physical act. Sex includes love, friendship and affection. This is what I mean by no core. Love Panky is appealing to women who not only want to fall in true love with a man but make that same man fall in love with them. What makes these appeals work so well is that they are native to what is being sold. Bad uses of this appeal occur when you try to pump up sales with woman who strip while you talk about your web domain service. Go Daddy, anyone Greed It s in our bones. That desire to live like the rich. Jet set around the world. Own boats as big as school buses. Spill more sashimi than most people will eat in a lifetime. The Rich Jerk successfully milked this appeal for years . And it s what fuels the Motley Fool Greed is why magazines like Money and Fortune are popular. While these magazines are straight-forward about their goal [getting rich] it s less obvious in publications like Financial Times or Forbes. But it s still there. If you can show someone how to make six figures a year, retire young or even horde hundreds of products through coupons then you are using the greed appeal correctly. Fear Just like sex sells, so does fear. It could be a test crash dummy hitting a dash board at 60 miles per hour. A group of teenagers piling up body bags outside of the headquarters of a cigarette manufacturer. Or a life of poverty for your children after you die. Fear appeals work on that sense of uncertainty we have. This is why insurance and services like tax shelters that protect your money from the hands of the government and greedy lawyers are so effective. For example, look at the headline below from Stansberry Research At first blush it might not seem to be about fear, but notice the phrase change your life. There s the uncertainty I was talking about. It s combined with the bad news of the U.S. debt downgrade to make an intriguing headline that could prove crucial if you decide to ignore. Putting It All Together Using just one of these appeals in your sales letter will get you some good response. Use two, and you ll get even better. All three that s a sales letter orgasm. The headline Loud Sex Is a Billion Dollar Problem from Forbes combines fear and greed and sex effectively You ve got the sex, greed ["Billion Dollar"] and the fear ["Problem"]. This wouldn t make a great sales letter headline, however. You know why It s not clear that the problem impacts the reader or that he ll personally benefit if he reads the copy. If you want to do that you d write Why the Loud Sex Problem Is Costing You a Billion Dollars. Greed is behind the Publishing Clearing House s Sweepstakes and state lottery games. Illinois took it a step further and hilariously wove fear into their greed appeal . Let me close with a little secret out of all of the above appeals greed is the most powerful. Meaning, if you can appeal to people s greed you are going to write a better sales letter. This is born out by my own experience and it s born out by copywriting veterans like John Caples. Then again, if you can write a sales letter appeal combining all three you just might be able to retire young in a radioactive-safe bunker with Angelina Jolie. Or Brad Pitt. Your choice. Your Turn By the way, the title of this post is The Sexiest Way to Make So Much Money It Scares You. Got any idea what that is My idea was simply to combine all three appeals together in a sales letter, but I was wondering if anybody could come up with a real occupation or gimmick that combines all three. Matching ponies to the person who shares the best idea. Part of the Sales Letter Makeover Series. Other posts in the series 10 Idiot-Proof Ways to Generate Trust with Your Landing Page Copy Everything You Need to Know about Writing Seductive Offers in 7 Easy Steps Gimpy Web Copy Use This 4-Step Copy Formula to Make It Killer The List What Copywriters Have in Common with Jockeys The 3 Ways a Sales Letter Can Fail and How to Avoid Each About the Author Demian Farnworth is a freelance writer who blogs at The CopyBot . Follow him on Twitter or Google+ . 6 Comments Post a comment Sid January 26, 2012 at 5 38 am I thought this would be a one word article porn. Reply Demian Farnworth January 26, 2012 at 8 40 am That falls into the hardcore category. Reply Devesh Dwivedi January 26, 2012 at 1 03 pm Pretty cool! The real work I believe is connecting the sex, greed, and fear with one s not so sexy business Reply Demian Farnworth January 26, 2012 at 3 46 pm That s pretty true for most of us, right Reply Mark January 27, 2012 at 7 09 am Can we all agree that copywriting is one word Reply Sania February 6, 2012 at 11 11 am start letter DEAR POTENTIAL CUSTOMER Have I got a deal for you which I know you will not want to pass up. That will peak the reader s interest to read more. Once you catch their attention, the sale content is up to you. Reply Post a Comment Cancel reply Name Email Message You may use these HTML tags and attributes a href "" title ""> abbr title ""> acronym title ""> b> blockquote cite ""> cite> code> del datetime ""> em> i> q cite ""> strike> strong> Notify me of followup comments via e-mail Get Email Updates Search the Blog Browse Posts Recent Posts User Experience The 4-Point Minimalist Guide to Web Design Conversion Optimization How To Design A Twitter Background That Gets More Traffic, Followers and Engagement User Experience How To Design a 404 Page That Keeps Visitors On Your Site Branding 8 Places To Find Royalty Free Images That haven t been overused Font What s Your Type The 5-Step Guide to Finding the Right Font Conversion Optimization 4 Unique Ways to Increase Email Marketing Conversion Rates Produced by Crazy Egg and Designed by Digital Telepathy Design Agency 2006-2012 Crazy Egg, Inc. All rights reserved Hosting by phpfog')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00083', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"> The Daily Egg Hard boiled conversion optimization and design advice for small business. Tutorials How to Transfer A Blog From Blogger To WordPress.org Tweet Joseph Putnam January 27, 2012 6 Comments For a lot of bloggers, self hosting with Wordpress.org provides the most professional blogging platform available. If you started out using Blogger and now need a professional presence, there s a good chance that you re ready to switch to Wordpress.org. But the point of this article isn t to convince you to switch. If you re trying to decide whether or not to switch, there are better articles to read. But if you have decided to switch, this post will walk you through step by step how to quickly and easily transfer from Blogger to Wordpress.org. Step 1 Sign up for hosting The first step in transferring from Blogger to Wordpress.org is to sign up for hosting. If you haven t picked out a hosting company yet, Blue Host offers low prices that are competitive with other popular Wordpress hosts, and they re also reliable. To top it off, they provide excellent customer service, and they re control panel is one of the easiest to use. You can t go wrong by choosing Blue Host. Another good choice is Host Gator . They offer some of the best rates in the business, and they re known for their excellent customer service. Note If you haven t already purchased a domain name, Blue Host also offers a free domain name when you set up your account. Step 2 Install Wordpress on your hosting account After signing up for hosting, the next step is to install Wordpress on your hosting account. To do so, first log into your hosting control panel. Next, find the Wordpress icon located underneath a heading such as Simplescripts Installation or Software/Services. The wording will be different for each hosting company, and you can always start a live chat with customer support if you need help. Once you find the icon, follow the steps to install Wordpress. Note If possible, you ll want to install Wordpress as a temporary installment. This will allow you to set up the site on a temporary site so you aren t making all of the changes live while your readers are watching. Step 3 Import to Wordpress The next step is to import posts from Blogger to Wordpress. To do so, log into your temporary wordpress installment by going to http //yourtemporarydomain.com/wp-admin. After logging in, go to the left-hand sidebar and click on Tools and then select Import Posts. On the next page where you ll be asked which type of posts you d like to import, choose the option titled Blogger. You ll next be asked if you d like to install an importer for Blogger. The answer is yes, so click the red button to install the importer. Then click to activate and install the plugin. You ll now click to authorize Wordpress to access your Blogger account, and then follow the steps to import posts from Blogger to Wordpress. Step 4 Double check the content Now that the posts have been transferred, you ll need to double check that all of the posts and comments transferred correctly. You can do this by comparing the number of posts and comments in Wordpress to the number of posts and comments in Blogger. You ll have at least one extra post and one extra page in Wordpress due to the fact that Wordpress automatically generates a welcome post and sample page when it s first installed. You ll want to delete each of these posts and pages. Note Sometimes not all of the posts or comments transfer correctly. If this is the case, there may or may or may not be an easy way to get all of the posts transferred. You can contact Blogger or troubleshoot by searching on Google if these posts are critical for your blog. In cases like this, it s often easier to not worry about the lost posts and move on. Step 5 Choose and configure a theme After making sure the content transferred correctly and is ready to go, navigate to Appearance in the right-hand sidebar of the Wordpress dashboard and select themes.Then click Install Themes at the top of the page and follow the steps to install a new Wordpress theme. You ll want to pick out a theme that you like and configure it to work the way you want it to. After picking the right theme for your site, you can take some time to configure it to look the way you want it to by installing plugins and widgets and adding pages. You can even pay a designer for a custom theme if you re so inclined. Step 6 Change the permalink structure in Wordpress The next step is to change the permalink structure in Wordpress. The reason you have to do this is that Blogger does crazy things with their permalink structure. In order to minimize the number of broken links, you ll need to change the permalink structure in Wordpress to match the crazy setup in Blogger. To do this, click on Settings in the left-hand sidebar of the Wordpress dashboard, and then click permalinks. Now, click the radio button for custom structure. To the right of the button, copy and paste this /%year%/%monthnum%/%postname%.html The permalink structure in Wordpress will now match the structure on the old Blogger site. This will cause most of the links to work properly and minimize the number of broken links. Note This will minimize the number of broken links, but it won t eliminate them entirely. This is due to the fact that Blogger removes articles such as a, an, and the from urls for post titles and Wordpress does not. Because of this, a post with a title such as, The Absolute Best Way to Start a Wordpress Blog, will have a url that looks like www.yourdomain.com/absolute-best-way-start-wordpress-blog in Blogger and www.yourdomain.com/the-absolute-best-way-to-start-a-wordpress-blog in Wordpress. One way to fix this is to go through and manually change the broken urls in Wordpress. The other way is to not worry about it. If there s a third and better way and you know what that is, make sure to leave a comment at the end of this post. Step 7 Sign up for and configure Feedburner Now that you re using Wordpress, you ll need to sign up for Feedburner in order to manage RSS feeds and subscriptions yourself. Start by going to Feedburner and signing up for an account. You l then walk through the steps to set up your Feedburner account and burn a feed. If you need more instructions about how to do that, you can find that out here and here . Step 8 Change the domain settings Now that the new Wordpress site is set up and ready to go, you re ready to change the domain settings of your temporary site this assumes that you set up the site on a temporary domain . To do this, log into your hosting panel and find an icon labeled phpMyAdmin and click. Next, click on databases and then click the database for your Wordpress installation. Now, find wp_options and click. Line 1 will be for your site url. Click to edit this line and change it out the url from the temporary one to the permanent one. Now, click wp_options again, click to edit line 37, and again replace the temporary url with the new one. Note If this step becomes too difficult, contact customer for your hosting account. There s a good chance that they can walk you through it by chat or even make the change for you. Step 9 Forward the nameservers The next and final step is to forward the nameservers for your domain name. To do this, you ll log into the dashboard where you purchased your domain. You ll then click to manage the domain and then click to edit the nameservers. You ll do this by replacing them with the nameserver information where your site is hosted. The new nameservers will look something like this ns1.bluehost.com and ns2.bluehost.com. And that s it for transferring a site from Blogger to Wordpress.org. By following these steps, your new site will be ready to go. About the author Joseph is a freelance writer from Orange County, CA , who helps businesses write compelling content that attracts customers and generates sales. You can follow him on Twitter @JosephPutnam . 6 Comments Post a comment Harsh Agrawal January 27, 2012 at 11 19 am NIce article but not perfect reason being you ignored the SEO aspect of it..!! Here are two additions Use Blogger permalink fix plugin before changing your permalinks in WordPress, that will take care of slugs which were ignored in BlogSpot.. Use Image cache plugin to import all images from Picasa to your WordPress server . Overall useful for beginners.. Reply Russ Henneberry January 27, 2012 at 2 51 pm @Harsh Thanks for these additions! Reply Gajanan January 28, 2012 at 4 24 am Hello Russ. Nice article I must say. Regarding the blogger permalink fix issue as correctly pointed by Mr. Harsh above, you can use a file Fix.php with the code as given in this article . Hope your readers will be benefited with it. Reply Russ Henneberry January 28, 2012 at 3 14 pm Thanks Gajanan! Reply Ekrem February 4, 2012 at 1 50 am I decided to migrate my blog to WP -3.3.1- from Blogger by inspiring from this post. After migrating the blog and running fix.php with installing Permalink F nder plugin, permalink problem still remains. Even I take a look at the DB -wp_posts & wp_postmeta- with PMA but nothing can t be seen. Is this method compatible w/ WP 3.3.1 Reply Nazmiye February 5, 2012 at 5 36 pm [...] addition to registering find out about domain name registration my chosen domain name I also registered a domain appropriate to the name of my Company [...] Reply Post a Comment Cancel reply Name Email Message You may use these HTML tags and attributes a href "" title ""> abbr title ""> acronym title ""> b> blockquote cite ""> cite> code> del datetime ""> em> i> q cite ""> strike> strong> Notify me of followup comments via e-mail Get Email Updates Search the Blog Browse Posts Recent Posts User Experience The 4-Point Minimalist Guide to Web Design Conversion Optimization How To Design A Twitter Background That Gets More Traffic, Followers and Engagement User Experience How To Design a 404 Page That Keeps Visitors On Your Site Branding 8 Places To Find Royalty Free Images That haven t been overused Font What s Your Type The 5-Step Guide to Finding the Right Font Conversion Optimization 4 Unique Ways to Increase Email Marketing Conversion Rates Produced by Crazy Egg and Designed by Digital Telepathy Design Agency 2006-2012 Crazy Egg, Inc. All rights reserved Hosting by phpfog')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00084', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"> The Daily Egg Hard boiled conversion optimization and design advice for small business. Mobile What Amazon Can Teach Us About Mobile Website Design Tweet Crazy Egg Experts January 30, 2012 1 Comments The name Amazon.com has become synonymous with eCommerce. If you are reading this blog, there is no doubt that you have ordered something from Amazon.com from the comforts of your desktop or laptop computer. Today, it is only slightly less likely that you have ordered something from Amazon from your phone. I m no exception. Yesterday, I ordered a pair of ear buds on my iPhone from Amazon in between the time my dental hygienist cleaned my teeth and the dentist came in to give me the verdict. We asked our Crazy Egg Design and Marketing Experts to analyze the Amazon mobile website design. Take a hard look yourself, read through our opinions and, if you are so inclined, give us your analysis in the comments below. Design aspects that Amazon s Mobile Homepage is doing well include 1. Using a simple one column structure as a list view for the interface. Adding multi column structures for any small mobile device makes the entire real estate feel crammed and harder to use. 2. Keeping things simple by introducing high level functions and options that are most important such as search, cart, wish list, streamlined menus. 3. Information for the product is minimal to start, but if user is interested, they can go to the next layout with more details. Biggest mistake most people make is providing too much copy/content on one screen, especially for mobile. 4. Option to use full site at the bottom. Providing the user the option to choose experience is important. 5. Graphics, colors, and overall aesthetics are clean and minimal which help performance and keep maintenance costs lower. ~ Cesar Keller , Simple Flame The user experience for the Amazon Mobile site should be very simple; make it as easy as possible for someone to find a product and complete a purchase. This successfully achieves that, and by focusing on the most popular product categories Books, Kindle, Movies and Electronics it can keep the navigation as intuitive as possible. I m also really happy to see that they offer a clear link to the Amazon.com full site. It s amazing how many mobile sites don t do this. ~ Robin Cannon , Shiny Toy Robots The Amazon mobile home page is a great example of a mobile optimized website. It s easy to navigate and gives the user what they are looking for right away the amazon search bar. The ad below the search bar for Amazon Apps doesn t appear to be an ad at all and is, very likely, the reason the user navigated to Amazon on their mobile device in the first place. The mobile site seems easy to navigate since appears very similar to the regular website. The cart is at the top, always reminding you how many items you have so far and the search bar and department categories are easy to navigate as well. ~ Angela Jones , Design By Ange.la Amazon are usability experts. Their website isn t the prettiest thing out there, nor is their mobile site, but they do an amazing job of getting users to the products they want! I buy just about everything I own from Amazon and I do that not only because of pricing but because it can be easier to find it on Amazon than my local retail outlet. Retailers, are you listening Given how much attention Amazon pays to what users are doing on their site, they most likely took their top categories and made them easily accessible. The arrows on the buttons are great functional suggestions. I can tell that if I push Books the page is going to slide down in an accordion effect and I can tell that if I push See All Departments I m going to head off to another screen. This is very effective in letting the user know what s going to happen. To the savvy user it lets you know what you can do with a spotty 3G/4G connection and what you may want to wait for a more stable connection to do. I love how the account specific and sub-categories are styled differently. This style change lets me know that these choices are specific to me and/or my account. Finally, the best part of all, FULL SITE! I can t tell you how many poor mobile sites I ve been to where the experience was so lacking I wanted to go to the full site. You know what those poor mobile sites all have in common They don t let you go to the full site! A+ to Amazon for giving me the freedom to choose. ~ Christopher Lee , Christoper Lee Designs The site looks very clean and easy to use. The theme matches the www.amazon.com theme and helps promote the website s branding. The two containers blue and yellow have different styles. The blue one has rounded corners and is smaller in width than the yellow one which has square corners. It might be more consistent if they were both the same style unless they are supposed to be separated. From the screenshot it is unclear as to whether the department list is used when a search is done as is the case on the www.amazon.com . This is mainly due to having advertisement in between the search field and the department list. The Cart and Wishlist links are duplicated once up the top and once down the bottom. Given that mobile screen space is limited, one set should be removed. ~ Sanj Sahayam , Unique Imprints This is a very useful mobile page. It has most of the features of the main site, in a smaller format with quick links to get to the most popular items. I would guess that Amazon has research or analytics telling them which categories are essential to show on this page, so I trust their judgment. I could nitpick some stuff like wasting so much height on the ad for the Kindle Fire ensuring that anyone on an iPhone will never see the menus without scrolling down first , but I said I wouldn t nitpick so I ll stop. ~ Brian Schwartz , Spoke Marketing The great thing about the Amazon Mobile home page design is the fact that it is a simple design that one can identify as Amazon just by the fonts and colors. The use of the viewable space before you would have to scroll below the fold is great. The subtle placement of deals below the logo is pretty sly, plus having the button to promote the mobile app below the search bar is a great idea. The end user may find it easier to download the app and have it readily available then have to navigate to Amazon each time through the phone s browser. ~ Joseph Kalinowski , Content Marketing Institute The Amazon mobile home page does an impressive job of presenting their large and complex navigation into a scaled down intuitive menu. The order and use of different colors for the primary and secondary menus helps provide visual clarity. I like that they ve featured search and their mobile app at the top of the page, since those are likely top actions for mobile users. The blue primary accent color leaves orange opposite on the color wheel as the optimal CTA color which they implemented fairly well. On the improvement note, links on the page need an audit check for adequate text size and padding to ensure they re easily clickable. Tip Your pinky nail can work as a handy mobile sizing/spacing guide for links since it s mostly likely the size of the your index finger s pressable surface area. ~ Angie Schottmuller , Search Engine Watch This is a very decent way to show the most popular navigation options. I m sure that Amazon tested this pretty thoroughly before concluding what people would click on most. The only thing I d like if I were to use that application is that the advertisement was further down underneath the departments. It seems more intuitive to have them directly underneath the search box instead. ~ Naomi Niles , ShiftFWD I think the Amazon homepage has struck an excellent balance between easy navigation to a lot of different places which is absolutely necessary, given the complexity of the site , and showcasing the product that they are currently trying to push currently the Kindle Fire . The guideline that I d take away from this design is that first you want to put front and center in front of your audience whatever you want them to see, and then immediately give them access to anything that they might be looking for. ~ Danny Iny , Firepole Marketing First, I think it is clear that getting the word out about Kindle Fire is a primary goal of Amazon s. I like the way the product is featured with an image and a clear call-to-action without trying to say too much on the mobile home page. If you want to know more, click the Learn More link. Secondly, it is clear that it has been detected that I am using an iPhone to reach the mobile version of the website. This has caused the mobile home page to display a call-to-action to download their iPhone applications. Lastly, the navigation is brilliantly organized which is no small feat for a company that sells the wide array of products that Amazon sells. They list the most popular departments on the home page and then a link to See All Departments if you don t find what you are looking for. This allows them to serve the majority of people without cluttering up the mobile interface with links. ~ Russ Henneberry , Tiny & Mighty Media We know that many of our readers are experts in design and marketing as well. We would love to hear your critique of the Amazon Mobile Home Page in the comments! 1 Comment Post a comment Tom February 1, 2012 at 12 46 am I think the navigation is great. And the color scheme is transcendent of their desktop version. Amazon s branding is their usability digitally at least. They are missing a huge oppertunity to harness that same gut feeling through their TV and print media Reply Post a Comment Cancel reply Name Email Message You may use these HTML tags and attributes a href "" title ""> abbr title ""> acronym title ""> b> blockquote cite ""> cite> code> del datetime ""> em> i> q cite ""> strike> strong> Notify me of followup comments via e-mail Get Email Updates Search the Blog Browse Posts Recent Posts User Experience The 4-Point Minimalist Guide to Web Design Conversion Optimization How To Design A Twitter Background That Gets More Traffic, Followers and Engagement User Experience How To Design a 404 Page That Keeps Visitors On Your Site Branding 8 Places To Find Royalty Free Images That haven t been overused Font What s Your Type The 5-Step Guide to Finding the Right Font Conversion Optimization 4 Unique Ways to Increase Email Marketing Conversion Rates Produced by Crazy Egg and Designed by Digital Telepathy Design Agency 2006-2012 Crazy Egg, Inc. All rights reserved Hosting by phpfog')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00085', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"> The Daily Egg Hard boiled conversion optimization and design advice for small business. Opinion GOP 2012 How The Primary Candidates Websites Stack Up Tweet Robin Cannon January 31, 2012 0 Comments Engaging voters online is an increasingly important part of the electoral process. The 2008 Presidential campaign saw Barack Obama and the Democratic Party rightly complimented for their effective use of web technology and social media. As the Republican presidential primary campaign continues, has the GOP learned some of those lessons How are the four remaining candidates portraying themselves online Mitt Romney Romney makes a big mistake immediately by hiding his main website behind a very mundane splash page. The splash page is intended to encourage people to sign up for updates about the campaign, and the need for any candidate to develop a strong user list is important. But this call to action could easily have been incorporated into the main site; right now the first experience anyone has visiting Romney s campaign site is a mediocre and unattractive extra-step. I m sure it s going to put off a lot of visitors. Once you get past the splash page, Romney has a pretty appealing site. The layout is strong, and makes really effective use of imagery. Good use of white space gives a clean and professional look. It s easy to find more about Romney and his stance on the issues, as well as latest campaign news. It s also the only site that provides really visible links to state specific information for all 50 states. I like the very clear calls to action for the main social media services. Facebook, Twitter and Google+ options to share major stories are seamlessly integrated, and there are separate options for engaging with the candidate directly on social media. This suggests a clear understanding that there s a distinction between building social media followers, and sharing content. GRADE B- Newt Gingrich Gingrich s site scores highly for usability, but doesn t have a really strong visual impact. It s well put together but very traditional in its layout and appearance. Kind of like a very standard blog template and that means it looks dated. Navigation is simple, and there are very clear calls to action for anyone interested in getting involved with the campaign, donating, or buying campaign related merchandise. Social media seems very much an afterthought surprising, given that Gingrich has a massive Twitter following compared to any of the other candidates . It also looks like some areas of the site aren t updated often enough. As I write this, there are still sections on helping Gingrich win in the Iowa caucus or New Hampshire primary, both events that happened a couple of weeks ago. GRADE C+ Ron Paul Ron Paul s the only candidate using WordPress for his campaign website all the other candidates use Drupal . Initial engagement is strong. I really like his donation thermometer with a real time count, and the recent donor helps to suggest that the Paul campaign engages with individual people. It makes for a powerful call to action for donations. I was confused navigating around the site. The two columns of articles on the front page one is an opinion-based Paulitical Ticker , the other is Ron Paul in the News aren t very well differentiated. The navigation bar has too many options, and the different sections of the site could be more clearly defined. Social media integration is relatively low key, and the site is generally more wordy than the others as, indeed, Paul is as a candidate . I think it would benefit from a larger font size, it s fallen into the 12 pixel trap that might look OK at first glance but isn t that well suited to easily browsing text. GRADE B- Rick Santorum I just don t like this website. The layout is odd, and looks very strange in larger windows; it s like they ve tried to create a fluid width layout without really understanding the principle. It s blocky, a little ugly, and has bad typography. Add in a lack of any clear call to action, and I m unsure what the site is trying to achieve. Even the language is a little unusual, with some sections written in the third person and some sections written in the first person. It gives the feeling of a made by committee website that doesn t have any strong creative vision or sense of purpose. Of all the primary candidate websites, Santorum s is the one that looks the most amateurish. The first time it took me a few moments to work out where the navigation was; the site layout works in such a way as to completely draw the eye away from that menu. GRADE D Conclusions It s clear that the leading GOP candidates have upped their game and understand the importance of a good website former candidates John Huntsman, Rick Perry, Herman Cain and Michelle Bachmann also have reasonably polished sites . There s still a lot of room to improve. None of the sites use any HTML 5 technology, their SEO is basic, and none of the design is particularly outstanding. The GOP candidates may have taken some steps to improve their online presence, but they have a long way to go. About the Author. Robin Cannon is Web Engineer at Function x Inc . He also blogs regularly on his site Shiny Toy Robots . Image courtesy of mrsdkrebs Post a Comment Cancel reply Name Email Message You may use these HTML tags and attributes a href "" title ""> abbr title ""> acronym title ""> b> blockquote cite ""> cite> code> del datetime ""> em> i> q cite ""> strike> strong> Notify me of followup comments via e-mail Get Email Updates Search the Blog Browse Posts Recent Posts User Experience The 4-Point Minimalist Guide to Web Design Conversion Optimization How To Design A Twitter Background That Gets More Traffic, Followers and Engagement User Experience How To Design a 404 Page That Keeps Visitors On Your Site Branding 8 Places To Find Royalty Free Images That haven t been overused Font What s Your Type The 5-Step Guide to Finding the Right Font Conversion Optimization 4 Unique Ways to Increase Email Marketing Conversion Rates Produced by Crazy Egg and Designed by Digital Telepathy Design Agency 2006-2012 Crazy Egg, Inc. All rights reserved Hosting by phpfog')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00086', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"> The Daily Egg Hard boiled conversion optimization and design advice for small business. Marketing 15 Twitter Hashtags for #WebDesign & How To Use Them Tweet Kristi Hines February 1, 2012 5 Comments If you are a Twitter hashtag veteran, bear with me for a moment. We will get to some advanced stuff shortly. For those that are new to Twitter hashtags, let s start with the basics. What are Twitter Hashtags Hashtags are a way of organizing Twitter. Twitter users are able to sort tweets that contain a particular hashtag. By viewing tweets that contain a hashtag, we are able to have conversations about topics on Twitter. For example, any tweet with the #webdesign hashtag added to it can be easily found using Twitter.com or 3rd party tools like Hootsuite and Tweetdeck. Adding a hashtag to a tweet allows it to go beyond your own network to as many people that are following that hashtag to see real time conversation about that topic. You can see a hashtag in action by simply tweeting this post I used the hashtag #WebDesign in the title so everyone who tweets it will get to use one right off the bat! How to Use Twitter Hashtags Hashtags can be used in a variety of ways for different purposes. Some useful ways to use them include the following. Gain a Wider Audience for Your Message Add a hashtag to your tweets when relevant to get a wider audience for your update. This way, instead of just your followers seeing your latest tweet on web design, you can add #webdesign to your tweet to get anyone who is following that hashtag to see it as well. Capitalize on Trending Topics Be on the lookout for trending topic hashtags and add them to your tweets when applicable. Use the Trending topics on your Twitter homepage to see the latest. If you are looking to target a local marketing, click on the change link to see trends within a specific location. If you re not sure what a particular trend is about, you can click on it to see the latest tweets or go to What the Trend to see other user s explanations of why something is popular. Monitor Industry News Want to follow hashtags in your industry You can do it a few different ways. You could search for the hashtag on Twitter and use the Save this search button to save it on your Twitter account. But a better way to do it would be to use a Twitter management tool like HootSuite shown above , Tweetdeck , or similar. These programs allow you to add a column to your dashboard with the hashtag and will automatically update the stream as new tweets come in. In HootSuite, you would click the Add Stream button, then add #webdesign as your search query under the Search tab. In Tweetdeck, you would click the Add Column button, select Search as the column type, and enter #webdesign in the search box. This is a great way to see the latest tweets on industry-related hashtags. You ll probably see everything from random quotes, popular articles, and even job listings. Answer Questions on a Particular Topic Take the above tip on following industry hashtags one step further by following questions asked on a particular hashtag by using the search query #webdesign -filter links . Setting this search up on Twitter, HootSuite, Tweetdeck, or similar applications will allow you to see questions asked about a particular topic mostly without any links in the tweet. Answer these questions to help build your authority in the web design industry! Create Valuable Resources You can use sites like Paper.li which will allow you to create newspapers around hashtags. You can see this web design daily as an example. Find the Top Products As a web designer, you might be asked your opinion on using particular things such as blog platforms. Use Topsy Analytics and enter the platforms mentioned by your client as hashtags to see the number of people talking about them. The one talked about the most is probably the best choice for your client and you, as the designer, since there will be more community support. Great Twitter Hashtags for Web Designers The following are a sampling of various design related hashtags that you can add to your own tweets or monitor within the web design industry. #webdesign Use this with any tweets on web design. #webdesigner Great hashtag if you are looking for a job as a web designer. #typography Want to talk type Any font discussions and type inspiration should get tagged with this! #cms Talk about your favorite content management system like #wordpress, #joomal, or #drupal using this hashtag. #branding If you re trying to attract business clients, be sure to emphasize how important branding is when it comes to great web design. #webdevelopment Once you re beyond the design, you have to dig into the functionality. Use this hashtag to talk programming and beyond. #html5 and #css3 Get in on conversation about the latest resources for web programming. #inspiration Combined with #webdesign or even just #design, this tag tells others about the most inspiring sites or designs to spark some creative energy. #UX The most creative web design can fail if the user experience isn t up to par. Talk about user experience with this hashtag. #templates Looking for a base template, or designing one for others Add this hashtag with #webdesign or #design to get your message to the right audience. Also, don t forget about Twitter chats! Twitter chats are formed when groups of people meet at a certain time on Twitter to discuss a certain topic and use a specific hashtag, like #designchat. This Twitter chat for creative professionals happens on Wednesday at 8PM CST for one hour. Use the TweetChat site to monitor and engage with this Twitter chat. Find more Twitter chats and hashtags on the Twitter Chat Schedule spreadsheet on Google Docs. How to Determine Which Hashtag to Use If you re debating about using different variations of a hashtag like #webdesigner, #webdesign, or #web #design, then enter all three on the earlier mentioned Topsy Analytics tool. It will show you a graph of how many times each hashtag has been mentioned in the last day, week, two weeks, or month. Then Scroll down for a sampling of tweets with that hashtag plus some useful data about them. The number under All shows the number of times that particular link has been tweeted. The number under Influential shows the likelihood that an influential user on Twitter will notice your update using that hashtag. Seeing how each tag is used and the popularity of tweets within the tag should help you make the best decision on what to use with your tweet. Hashtags Aren t Just for Twitter Anymore Hashtags are no longer only for Twitter. They are starting to gain popularity on Google+ as well. Check out posts on Google+ tagged with #webdesign and start thinking about how you can incorporate hashtags to expand your Google+ audience as well. To monitor industry discussion on Google+, search for a hashtag and then use the Save this search button. Then follow the discussion anytime using the links in the left sidebar of your Google+ account. Getting on Google+ hashtags could be a great way to get new followers just be sure that your updates are Public so everyone can see them! How do you use Twitter hashtags What other ones would you suggest for web designers to use or follow Please share them in the comments! About the Author Kristi Hines is a freelance writer , blogger, and social media enthusiast. Her blog Kikolani focuses on blog marketing, including social networking strategies and blogging tips. 5 Comments Post a comment Robin Cannon February 1, 2012 at 7 59 am Cool overview. Definitely find there are a lot of people out there who have a vague conception about what hashtags are, but don t really know how to use them effectively. You can find some great tweets leading to great resources by permanently or semi-permanently following certain hashtags although I tend to find that I end up with too many Tweetdeck columns if I try and follow everything I want! . If you re aiming at an external audience, be careful of the hashtags you re using. Most particularly, be aware of some of the acronyms that might be confusing. Something like #cms or #ux are easily recognizable to people within a certain industry, but perhaps you re trying to provide some resources to explain or introduce these topics; if that s the cause then the audience might not be well targeted by the use of acronyms. Question on the paper.li; I often get tagged as having contributed to these, but I can t remember ever really getting any return traffic to my website, or Twitter follows, that are identifiably from that source. Are there any statistics on whether paper.li sites have any real audience on an individual basis It s an interesting aggregator service, but certainly I tend to trust personally curated sites far more. Reply Kristi Hines February 1, 2012 at 11 04 am Hi Robin, Good point on the acronym hashtags. Do you use Google Analytics I see paper.li and their competitors, scoop.it & summify.com in my Traffic Sources > Referral Traffic section. With paper.li, you can click on the link in your Referral Traffic to see which users papers have sent the most traffic, and with the other two, you can see which posts on your site got the most traffic from them. Reply Keith Glantz February 4, 2012 at 10 25 am Thanks for putting this together. #like Reply Tisha M. Silvers February 6, 2012 at 12 17 pm Thanks for the great blog post! Most definitely going to share it with my connections! Reply Pingback 15 Twitter Hashtags for #WebDesign & How To Use Them | Template Y Plugin WordPress Post a Comment Cancel reply Name Email Message You may use these HTML tags and attributes a href "" title ""> abbr title ""> acronym title ""> b> blockquote cite ""> cite> code> del datetime ""> em> i> q cite ""> strike> strong> Notify me of followup comments via e-mail Get Email Updates Search the Blog Browse Posts Recent Posts User Experience The 4-Point Minimalist Guide to Web Design Conversion Optimization How To Design A Twitter Background That Gets More Traffic, Followers and Engagement User Experience How To Design a 404 Page That Keeps Visitors On Your Site Branding 8 Places To Find Royalty Free Images That haven t been overused Font What s Your Type The 5-Step Guide to Finding the Right Font Conversion Optimization 4 Unique Ways to Increase Email Marketing Conversion Rates Produced by Crazy Egg and Designed by Digital Telepathy Design Agency 2006-2012 Crazy Egg, Inc. All rights reserved Hosting by phpfog')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00087', 'id "XenForo" lang "en-US" class "Public LoggedOut NoSidebar" xmlns fb "http //www.facebook.com/2008/fbml"> Log in or Sign up Home Forums Forums Quick Links Search Forums What\'s New Meetups Meetups Quick Links Monthly View Weekly View Upcoming Meetups Meetup Archive TV TV Quick Links Categories Random Video Wiki Wiki Quick Links MilePoint Wiki Page List Members Members Quick Links Registered Members Current Visitors Recent Activity More More Quick Links Award Store User Guide | FAQ Mobile Glossary Status Avatars Smilies BB Codes Search titles only Posted by Member Separate names with a comma. Newer Than Advanced search... milepoint Home Forums > This is not the page you are looking for The page you are looking for does not exist. Please feel free to visit the forums and/or use the search feature . Share This Page Tweet Login with Facebook Username OR email address Do you already have an account Forgot your password No, create an account now. Yes, my password is Stay logged in milepoint Home Forums > Style Milepoint Default Style Contact Us Home Top Terms and Rules Privacy Policy Legal')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00088', 'id "XenForo" lang "en-US" class "Public LoggedOut NoSidebar" xmlns fb "http //www.facebook.com/2008/fbml"> Log in or Sign up Home Forums Forums Quick Links Search Forums What\'s New Meetups Meetups Quick Links Monthly View Weekly View Upcoming Meetups Meetup Archive TV TV Quick Links Categories Random Video Wiki Wiki Quick Links MilePoint Wiki Page List Members Members Quick Links Registered Members Current Visitors Recent Activity More More Quick Links Award Store User Guide | FAQ Mobile Glossary Status Avatars Smilies BB Codes Search titles only Posted by Member Separate names with a comma. Newer Than Advanced search... milepoint Home Forums > Miles | Points > Airline Programs > United | Mileage Plus including Continental > Is UA starting IAD-HNL Discussion in \' United | Mileage Plus including Continental \' started by jfhscott , Feb 10, 2012 at 8 50 AM . Original Member jfhscott Silver Member I just looked at the 2012 upgrade benefits chart http //www.mileageplusmergerupdates.com/en/mp/MileagePlusin2012/2012UpgradesOverview #chart And noted that there is a reference to IAD-HNL using the CO business first product currently used on HNL to EWR and IAH. I\'m unfmailiar with any announcement of IAD-HNL service, but does this suggest it is in the offing jfhscott , Feb 10, 2012 at 8 50 AM #1 Original Member canucklehead Gold Member The IAD-HNL route was announced earlier this month and discussed in this thread. http //milepoint.com/forums/threads/new-iad-to-hnl-service.27676/ Shame that it will require a CR1, but IMO, it will be well worth it! canucklehead , Feb 10, 2012 at 8 54 AM #2 JLSocks likes this. Original Member kyunbit Silver Member canucklehead said The IAD-HNL route was announced earlier this month and discussed in this thread. http //milepoint.com/forums/threads/new-iad-to-hnl-service.27676/ Shame that it will require a CR1, but IMO, it will be well worth it! Very worth it. The IAD-LHR flight is shorter but requires a SWU kyunbit , Feb 10, 2012 at 11 03 AM #3 Gtitan and canucklehead like this. Original Member Gtitan Gold Member kyunbit said Very worth it. The IAD-LHR flight is shorter but requires a SWU Cannot stress this enough. The East Coast to HNL is a longer flight than the East Coast to LHR, DUB, FRA, AMS, etc., and all you need is an RPU on a "bargain basement fare". Even if its not full "B/F", it is still one of the best value\'s in the system IMHO. Gtitan , Feb 10, 2012 at 12 13 PM #4 JLSocks and kyunbit like this. You must log in or sign up to reply here. Share This Page Tweet Login with Facebook Username OR email address Do you already have an account Forgot your password No, create an account now. Yes, my password is Stay logged in milepoint Home Forums > Miles | Points > Airline Programs > United | Mileage Plus including Continental > Style Milepoint Default Style Contact Us Home Top Terms and Rules Privacy Policy Legal')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00089', 'id "XenForo" lang "en-US" class "Public LoggedOut NoSidebar" xmlns fb "http //www.facebook.com/2008/fbml"> Log in or Sign up Home Forums Forums Quick Links Search Forums What\'s New Meetups Meetups Quick Links Monthly View Weekly View Upcoming Meetups Meetup Archive TV TV Quick Links Categories Random Video Wiki Wiki Quick Links MilePoint Wiki Page List Members Members Quick Links Registered Members Current Visitors Recent Activity More More Quick Links Award Store User Guide | FAQ Mobile Glossary Status Avatars Smilies BB Codes Search titles only Posted by Member Separate names with a comma. Newer Than Advanced search... milepoint Home Forums > Miles | Points > Airline Programs > United | Mileage Plus including Continental > Is UA starting IAD-HNL Discussion in \' United | Mileage Plus including Continental \' started by jfhscott , Feb 10, 2012 at 8 50 AM . Original Member jfhscott Silver Member I just looked at the 2012 upgrade benefits chart http //www.mileageplusmergerupdates.com/en/mp/MileagePlusin2012/2012UpgradesOverview #chart And noted that there is a reference to IAD-HNL using the CO business first product currently used on HNL to EWR and IAH. I\'m unfmailiar with any announcement of IAD-HNL service, but does this suggest it is in the offing jfhscott , Feb 10, 2012 at 8 50 AM #1 Original Member canucklehead Gold Member The IAD-HNL route was announced earlier this month and discussed in this thread. http //milepoint.com/forums/threads/new-iad-to-hnl-service.27676/ Shame that it will require a CR1, but IMO, it will be well worth it! canucklehead , Feb 10, 2012 at 8 54 AM #2 JLSocks likes this. Original Member kyunbit Silver Member canucklehead said The IAD-HNL route was announced earlier this month and discussed in this thread. http //milepoint.com/forums/threads/new-iad-to-hnl-service.27676/ Shame that it will require a CR1, but IMO, it will be well worth it! Very worth it. The IAD-LHR flight is shorter but requires a SWU kyunbit , Feb 10, 2012 at 11 03 AM #3 Gtitan and canucklehead like this. Original Member Gtitan Gold Member kyunbit said Very worth it. The IAD-LHR flight is shorter but requires a SWU Cannot stress this enough. The East Coast to HNL is a longer flight than the East Coast to LHR, DUB, FRA, AMS, etc., and all you need is an RPU on a "bargain basement fare". Even if its not full "B/F", it is still one of the best value\'s in the system IMHO. Gtitan , Feb 10, 2012 at 12 13 PM #4 JLSocks and kyunbit like this. You must log in or sign up to reply here. Share This Page Tweet Login with Facebook Username OR email address Do you already have an account Forgot your password No, create an account now. Yes, my password is Stay logged in milepoint Home Forums > Miles | Points > Airline Programs > United | Mileage Plus including Continental > Style Milepoint Default Style Contact Us Home Top Terms and Rules Privacy Policy Legal')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00090', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns fb "http //www.facebook.com/2008/fbml" xmlns foaf "http //xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00092', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns fb "http //ogp.me/ns/fb#" xmlns foaf "http //xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00093', '> ...help fight the media Forum Hosting , Guestbook Hosting , or Website Poll for your website. The Obama File Register Login Search Calendar Chat The Archive > Forums > Live thread -- Eric Holder\'s testimony before House Oversight and Government Reform Committee Username Password Remember Me Reply Author Comment View Member Profile Send Private Message Send Email Find Member\'s Topics Find Member\'s Posts Send Instant Message Beckwith Super Moderators Registered 07/19/11 Posts 2,499 02/02/12 at 06 02 AM Reply with quote #1 Starting at 9 00am this morning, the Committee on Oversight & Government Reform is carrying a live feed of of Eric Holder\'s testimony in front of the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee. Mathew Staver says due to previous inconsistent testimony that was riddled with misdirection and cover-up, Attorney General Eric Holder is being forced into a showdown with Rep. Darrell Issa and the committee OGRC today. Labeled a "hostile witness" by Chairman Issa, Holder and the Department of Justice must now satisfactorily explain their roles and subsequent actions in the now infamous "Fast and Furious" debacle that resulted in the murder of a U.S. Border Agent and a yet to be determined loss of life in Mexico. Chairman Issa recently declared that the Department of Justice "has blood on their hands." Liberty Counsel Action has launched a powerful Fax Barrage telling Chairman Issa and his committee that Americans are OUTRAGED over Holder s deplorable performance as Attorney General. Sadly, "Fast and Furious" is just one instance of gross mismanagement that justifies our call for Eric Holder s forced resignation, firing, or impeachment! Fortress Holder -- A year of Justice deprtment stonewalling Letter to Holder -- Comply with Fast & Furious subpoena or face contempt charges Originally posted by ballpoint. Unlike Georgia, this is a beautiful feed. I have to go out this AM. Will update later. Hope some of you are watching and will comment. There are live comments at the link above. Loading... View Member Profile Send Private Message Send Email Find Member\'s Topics Find Member\'s Posts Send Instant Message Beckwith Super Moderators Registered 07/19/11 Posts 2,499 02/02/12 at 06 38 AM Reply with quote #2 Holder on lying Loading... View Member Profile Send Private Message Send Email Find Member\'s Topics Find Member\'s Posts Send Instant Message Seriously Registered 07/20/11 Posts 554 02/02/12 at 10 41 AM Reply with quote #3 Shot missed the first 40 minutes! But so far it\'s about gun control with Holder and his "hands on" management style. Loading... View Member Profile Send Private Message Send Email Find Member\'s Topics Find Member\'s Posts Send Instant Message Seriously Registered 07/20/11 Posts 554 02/02/12 at 10 46 AM Reply with quote #4 Anyone know if he was sworn in this time Last time they didn\'t. Loading... View Member Profile Send Private Message Send Email Find Member\'s Topics Find Member\'s Posts Send Instant Message Seriously Registered 07/20/11 Posts 554 02/02/12 at 11 02 AM Reply with quote #5 Oh my goodness, Holder is such a slimball! Won\'t answer a question and tries to make it political again! Won\'t take responsibility and scolds the congress women for try to get him to. "It\'s beneath a member of congress to ask a question like that." Loading... View Member Profile Send Private Message Send Email Find Member\'s Topics Find Member\'s Posts Send Instant Message Seriously Registered 07/20/11 Posts 554 02/02/12 at 11 58 AM Reply with quote #6 Connolly - Hopefully your predecessor will come in and give testimony regarding Wide receiver & gun walking. Blame Bush Then gun control is needed... Idiot! Meehan is bringing it and making Holder very nervous! Holder is avoiding the issues being brought up, "their still investigating it". Refuses to give info at this time regarding investigations and wire taps applications. Quigley IL - Stop deflecting. Gun control - how about resources on the border. Obama\'s "budget" gave $57 mil. less then AFT asked for resulting on less resources on the border. Holder - ATF is important but the money\'s not there. Dr. Desjarlais - Frustrated with the stonewalling - showing " stonewall city ." Holder admits to the 24 hr notice of agent Terry\'s murder but didn\'t know it was connected to F&F. Holder Still waiting on internal reports to see if acted we appropriately. There is no cover up. We are not hiding anything. We respond to legitimate requests timely. Issa - When you give us the Constitutional basis for with holding requested information the accusation of a "cover up" will go away. Davis IL - What info is being held from the Congress investigation and why Holder - Our internal investigation and reports that are not complete. personal note Davis surprised me, he seems very concerned and wants this to get this cleared up accurately. Not partisan at all. Mr. Gowdy- Going over documented emails and memos with dates that are mentioning F&F, 1500 guns walked, how to cover instead of fixing, walked guns regarding cases being prosecuted in AZ to main DOJ; going back to 2009. HOlder - trying to put it back into wide receiver. Gowdy is not letting him get away with it - memo\'s state Fast & Furious, not wide receiver "tricky case considering how many guns have walked". Taking a break because Holder said he\'s not familiar with those memos - giving him time to look them over. Gowdy "We got them from your office". Loading... View Member Profile Send Private Message Send Email Find Member\'s Topics Find Member\'s Posts Send Instant Message Seriously Registered 07/20/11 Posts 554 02/02/12 at 11 59 AM Reply with quote #7 Loading... View Member Profile Send Private Message Send Email Find Member\'s Topics Find Member\'s Posts Send Instant Message Seriously Registered 07/20/11 Posts 554 02/02/12 at 12 16 PM Reply with quote #8 Gowdy - I didn\'t include other memo\'s that where not specific to F&F. Did DOJ people know about F&F Holder - a few lower levels. Gowdy is completely bowling Holder away! I have to get to my daughter\'s school... Have to catch-up later, sorry. Loading... View Member Profile Send Private Message Send Email Find Member\'s Topics Find Member\'s Posts Send Instant Message Beckwith Super Moderators Registered 07/19/11 Posts 2,499 02/02/12 at 12 39 PM Reply with quote #9 AG Holder\'s testimony in a nutshell Loading... View Member Profile Send Private Message Send Email Find Member\'s Topics Find Member\'s Posts Send Instant Message ballpoint Registered 01/19/12 Posts 14 02/02/12 at 01 30 PM Reply with quote #10 this is the second time i sat for a couple of hour to watch something like this for nothing I think that Perry is right they only have to be here for 6 month. This was once again a joke the newbews did the best, they had their ducks in a row . Loading... View Member Profile Send Private Message Send Email Find Member\'s Topics Find Member\'s Posts Send Instant Message Beckwith Super Moderators Registered 07/19/11 Posts 2,499 02/03/12 at 08 02 AM Reply with quote #11 Groundhog Day Holder repeats Fast and Furious lies IBD EDitorials says it\'s a scandal. In a shameful performance, the attorney general Thursday reprised his tap-dancing routine before a panel investigating the Fast and Furious gunrunning operation that got U.S. agents and Mexicans killed. \'It\'s Groundhog Day, and Brian Terry\'s family and taxpayers are still waiting for Fast and Furious answers from the Justice Department," Chairman Darrell Issa said before the hearings. "We will not wait until the next Groundhog Day to get answers for the American people." Rep. Issa, R-Calif., has threatened Attorney General Eric Holder with a contempt of Congress citation if he doesn\'t get answers to questions on Fast and Furious, such as who authorized it and what and when Holder knew. The story constantly changes. After Thursday\'s deja vu hearing in front of Issa\'s House Government Oversight Committee, we\'re still waiting. The attorney general keeps insisting he didn\'t authorize it, that he\'s still not sure when he became aware of it, and, no, no one has been held responsible for providing weapons to Mexican drug cartels. "There is no attempt at any kind of cover-up," Holder said under questioning. "We have shared huge amounts of information" and continue to do so. Rep. Dan Burton, R-Ind., noted that the Justice Department has released only 6,400 pages of the 93,000 pages of documents related to Fast and Furious, with the rest being held under some arcane and specious separation of powers argument. Thursday\'s hearings came almost a year to the day that Holder and the Justice Department sent a letter to Congress lying about what it knew and what it did about Fast and Furious. Holder was appearing for the third time to continue to weave his tangled web of deceit and falsehoods. As in the movie "Groundhog Day," it is a fable we are constantly forced to relive. On Feb. 4, 2011, Assistant Attorney General Ron Welch, in response to the investigations by Issa and Sen. Chuck Grassley, R-Iowa, of the gun "walking" program run out of ATF\'s Phoenix office, wrote a letter stating that the "allegation that ATF \'sanctioned\' or otherwise knowingly allowed the sale of assault weapons ... is false." After a series of Friday document dumps exposed DOJ\'s deceit, Deputy Attorney General James Cole, in another letter to Congress, wrote, "Facts have come to light during the course of this investigation that indicate the Feb. 4 letter contains inaccuracies." In other words, the Justice Department lied to Congress. It lied again Thursday in the person of the attorney general who once again failed to provide the whole truth and nothing but the truth. Eric Holder and his department have lied to Congress. Scooter Libby was sentenced to prison for much less. We await Holder\'s fate and hope justice will prevail. Loading... View Member Profile Send Private Message Find Member\'s Topics Find Member\'s Posts Send Instant Message Yephora Registered 07/21/11 Posts 137 02/03/12 at 09 08 AM Reply with quote #12 Issa, Sensenbrenner and a few others have the bark but do they have the bite Let\'s hope. Loading... View Member Profile Send Private Message Send Email Find Member\'s Topics Find Member\'s Posts Send Instant Message Longknife 21 Registered 09/25/11 Posts 58 02/03/12 at 01 23 PM Reply with quote #13 http //nation.foxnews.com/eric-holder/2012/02/03/brian-terrys-mother-holder-youre-joke-and-coward Brian Terry s mother to Holder You re a joke and a coward By Matthew Boyle - The Daily Caller The mother of murdered Border Patrol agent Brian Terry had harsh words for Attorney General Eric Holder after Thursday s House oversight committee hearing on Operation Fast and Furious. THIS IS FOR YOU SON, Mrs. Terry posted on Facebook at about 3 30 p.m. Mr. Holder. How come you can never say my sons name. You never have. All i ever hear you say is i didnt find out or I cant say Im actually tired of hearing your double talk in answering questions. What a joke you are. You know my son was a real AMERICAN, a WARRIOR, and a HERO, who was also protecting COWARD POLITICANS like you. Hope you remember that, Mrs. Terry added in her message to Holder before signing it PROUD MOM OF BRIAN A. TERRY. The Holder Waffen DoJ protects the Usurper, while supporting Killers of Americans for political usefulness in destroying our Second Amendment. I believe it was Thomas Jefferson that said "We will learn the true reason for the Second Amendment when they try to take it away." Loading... View Member Profile Send Private Message Send Email Find Member\'s Topics Find Member\'s Posts Send Instant Message Beckwith Super Moderators Registered 07/19/11 Posts 2,499 02/05/12 at 07 46 AM Reply with quote #14 Gowdy repeats call for Holder to resign "the easy way," or be impeached "the hard way" Matthew Boyle is reporting that South Carolina Republican Rep. Trey Gowdy reaffirmed his call for Attorney General Eric Holder s resignation "the easy way," or impeachment "the hard way," during an interview with The Daily Caller after Thursday s House oversight committee hearing during which Holder testified about Operation Fast and Furious. While he was questioning Holder at the hearing, Gowdy explained that officials at the Department of Justice s headquarters were aware of Fast and Furious and gun-walking tactics long before a "demonstrably false" letter was sent to Iowa Sen. Chuck Grassley claiming otherwise. Since the DOJ sent that letter, which stated it never let guns walk, it has withdrawn the letter because it of its inaccuracies. "I think he wound up admitting at the end [of the hearing] that Main Justice knew of gun-walking, so this notion that we re going to blame it all on the United States Attorney s office in Arizona or ATF -- I went through a litany of people, all of them were Main Justice employees who knew about gunwalking both in Fast and Furious and before which means the letter that was sent to Senator Grassley was demonstrably false," Gowdy told TheDC. "We still haven t gotten any of his emails," noted Gowdy, "we don t have any documents after February 4, so it s clear to me that people at Main Justice knew that gun-walking was going on in Fast and Furious. It s also clear to me that absolutely nothing has happened to a single solitary person as a result of this other than one dead Border Patrol agent and lots of Mexican citizens. Beyond that, I can t find a single consequence that has befallen anybody who knew about this." Regardless of the mounting evidence that high-ranking officials were aware of and approved gun-walking -- which includes what Gowdy laid out and newly public emails between former acting ATF director Ken Melson and Assistant Attorney General Lanny Breuer, the head of the DOJ s Criminal Division, in which Breuer describes what appears to be Fast and Furious gun-walking tactics as a "terrific idea" in 2009 -- House oversight committee Democrats claim that high-ranking DOJ officials never knew about or approved gun-walking. Gowdy described a lengthy report that the committee s ranking member, Democratic Rep. Elijah Cummings, released earlier this week as "demonstrably false." "Look, they re wrong," he said. "That one email proves it. The phrase \'Wide Receiver\' is never used in that email, it s [James] Trusty and [Jason] Weinstein, they re talking about Fast and Furious, they mention gun-walking, they talk about the press consequences of it, nobody ever gets around to talking about the moral implications of it, they just more worried about the press." Gowdy added that if had more time with Holder during the hearing, he would have proven how gun laws already on the books -- if Holder s DOJ and ATF actually enforced them rather than not following them themselves -- would have been more than enough to keep them from needing to arm the Mexican drug cartels to make a case for new gun laws. Democrats on the committee and Holder argued that new gun laws would have kept ATF agents who weren t enforcing the gun laws already on the books from letting guns walk. "Had we had another round of questions, I was going to prove to the Attorney General -- which he already knows -- that there are plenty of gun laws on the books right now, that if used, could have more than adequately prosecuted this case," Gowdy said. "So, the notion that the fix is \'We just got to get Congress to pass more gun laws\' is just sheer sophistry. And, I could have proven that, but I only got, what, eight minutes " Gowdy might get another chance soon. "The more hearings the merrier," he told TheDC. "At some point, the chairman is going to have to decide whether or not to force to the issue of making DOJ turn over documents post-February 4," Gowdy said. "No one believes that they re doing it only to stand on principle. There s something in those documents they do not want us to see. So, yeah, until we can answer those questions, they [Democrats and Holder] can talk about politics all they want." Gowdy, a prosecutor before entering politics, shrugs off the partisan criticism against Republicans seeking answers and accountability for Fast and Furious victims. "I actually worked for the Justice Department that was headed by Janet Reno [Bill Clinton s Attorney General]," he said. "So, yeah, the good thing about prosecutors and law enforcement is there s no Republican or Democrat. It s just the facts. And, you shouldn t be afraid to disclose them. But, for whatever reason they re not going to turn over those documents and we ll stay on it until they do." "It s not about Eric Holder, to me, as much as it is the reputation and the integrity of the top law enforcement official in this country and the Department of Justice," Gowdy added. "It s not about politics. If it were about politics, I d say give us Jason Weinstein, [James] Trusty, [Lanny] Breuer. It s about being able to look my constituents in the eyes and say you can have trust in the Department of Justice, because right now, the way it looks to me, is that they are engaged in this deflecting the blame, \'we re going to make you prove it,\' \'we re not going to give you documents unless there s a court order.\' That s just unacceptable to me." Loading... View Member Profile Send Private Message Send Email Find Member\'s Topics Find Member\'s Posts Send Instant Message Seriously Registered 07/20/11 Posts 554 02/05/12 at 12 32 PM Reply with quote #15 Gowdy was awesome during the investigation hearings! Loading... View Member Profile Send Private Message Send Email Find Member\'s Topics Find Member\'s Posts Send Instant Message Longknife 21 Registered 09/25/11 Posts 58 02/05/12 at 09 37 PM Reply with quote #16 http //obamaballotchallenge.com/were-fbi-agents-carrying-out-orders-when-they-said-that-enforcing-the-constitution-regarding-obama-would-cause-a-civil-war Is the Holder Waffen DoJ ordering the FBI to be Obamunist propagandists and enforcers Holder has got to go! Loading... View Member Profile Send Private Message Send Email Find Member\'s Topics Find Member\'s Posts Send Instant Message Beckwith Super Moderators Registered 07/19/11 Posts 2,499 Today at 05 40 AM Reply with quote #17 Obama can stop Holder\'s Fast and Furious cover-up today The Washington Examiner says it appears that Attorney General Eric Holder didn\'t read the executive order President Obama issued on his first day in the White House. Obama pledged that his administration would provide the American people with "an unprecedented level of openness in government." Either he didn\'t read it or Holder thinks the executive order doesn\'t cover Operation Fast and Furious, the misguided Justice Department program that allowed thousands of weapons to be sold in the United States to known gunrunners for Mexican drug cartels. The idea was the government would then track the "walked" guns, thus enabling prosecution of cartel figures by linking them to particular weapons found at crime scenes. But officials lost track of an estimated 1,400 such guns, two of which turned up at the scene of U.S. Border Patrol Agent Brian Terry\'s slaying in Arizona in December 2010. Terry\'s slaying sparked a national uproar and prompted an investigation by the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee chaired by Rep. Darrell Issa. The committee described the response of Holder\'s department to that investigation in a report released last Thursday "For months, the department has stonewalled committee document requests and refused to comply with committee subpoenas. The department has produced scores of blacked-out pages containing no information and many duplicate documents in order to bolster its page count. Recently, the [Justice Department\'s] Inspector General office disclosed that it has reviewed approximately 80,000 pages of documents related to Fast and Furious, and conducted approximately 70 interviews in its investigation. That investigation is not even close to completion. "In comparison, the department has produced just over 6,000 pages to Congress, representing only 8% of the materials available to the IG. The department is withholding 92% of the documents it has given the IG. Also, Congress has conducted 22 interviews -- only 31% of the total the IG has already conducted. If the department granted Congress access to all the documents and witnesses available to the IG, it would be much closer to determining who was actually responsible for Fast and Furious." The committee\'s use of the word "stonewall" is significant. The word became famous when President Nixon and his senior aides used it in discussing their response to inquiries about the Watergate break-in of 1972. It led in turn to the now-familiar maxim that the cover-up is always worse than the original crime. Holder and his fellow Obama political appointees at the Justice Department aren\'t kidding anybody within or outside Congress They are furiously stonewalling the Issa panel\'s investigation even as they hide behind an obviously empty claim that they are defending the separation of powers between Congress and the executive branch. When only 8 percent of the requested documents are produced and witnesses either refuse to testify while citing their Fifth Amendment right against self-incrimination or are barred from testifying by their executive branch superiors, it becomes obvious that the political appointees are covering up actions that are either criminal in nature or that they fear would be politically damaging to Obama. If Obama meant what he wrote in his first executive order, the cover-up by his Justice Department appointees could stop as soon as he orders it. If he doesn\'t, he endorses the cover-up. Loading... View Member Profile Send Private Message Send Email Find Member\'s Topics Find Member\'s Posts Send Instant Message Beckwith Super Moderators Registered 07/19/11 Posts 2,499 Today at 05 52 AM Reply with quote #18 An oldie but goodie Gunrunner/Fast and Furious was one of the first things that Obama and Holder did when they assumed power. Posted before but needs to be revisited. The simple fact is Barack Obama was the architect of Fast & Furious. Holder was the contractor. On March 24, 2009, just sixty days after the inauguration, Deputy Attorney General David Ogden announced from the White House that, "the president has directed us to take action.... and Attorney General Holder and I have taken several new and aggressive steps..." In government terms that\'s that\'s a Priority I project. That\'s a fast-track project. Ogden goes on to describe those "aggressive" steps, saying to "fortify its Project Gunrunner... specifically to facilitate gun tracing..." How can Holder hide from the fact that he initiated Project Gunrunner/Fast & Furious at the direction of Barack Obama The evidence This public statement from Deputy Attorney General Ogden. Loading... Previous Topic | Next Topic Print Tweet Reply help fight the media Copyright Beckwith 2011 - 2012 All right reserved')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00094', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US" xmlns fb "http //www.facebook.com/2008/fbml" xmlns addthis "http //www.addthis.com/help/api-spec" > Twitter Facebook Recent Popular Congrats to Our Business Insight Survey Winner! American Competitiveness What Works Pro Network Basics HOW TO Share Your Upcoming Events A Look Inside WeddingWire HQ How To Create a Facebook Fan Page It\'s OK to Be \'Liked\' WeddingWire Networking Night Dallas What does your email address say about you WeddingWire Happy Hour San Diego Categories Tags Business Ideas Business Tools Email Marketing Events Finance Innovation Marketing MarthaStewart.com Partnerships Networking Newlywed Reviews Running of the Brides Sales Search Engine Marketing Search Engine Optimization Social Media Trends & Stats Uncategorized Webinars WeddingWire blog Blogs Bride\'s Choice awards brides Build Your Online Reputation Conquer Fears Deals Digg Education Center Endorsements Events EventWire facebook Filenes Basement foursquare google Google Analytics images inbound marketing Like Button LinkedIN marketing martha stewart weddings mobile Newlywed Reviews ning Photos reviews Running of the Brides Search Engine Marketing Search Engine Optimization SEO Social Media Storefront Top 10 Predictions for the Future of Technology Twitter Website Wedding MBA WeddingWire WeddingWire Happy Hour WeddingWire Network weddingwire rated WWNN yahoo youtube Congrats to Our Business Insight Survey Winner! Posted by Kari | February 10, 2012 | No Comments We are pleased to announce our most recent WeddingWire Pro winner Stephen Cihanek of Stephen Cihanek Photography ! Congratulations to Stephen for winning a free Kindle Fire as the lucky winner from our giveaway as thank you for participation in our Business Insight survey, featured in the January WeddingWire Pros newsletter. As the leading wedding technology company, we want to better understand your business needs! The Business Insight Survey was designed to address the following questions What are the top areas where you need assistance How do you convert your prospects to booked clients How do you get photos of your work Thank you to all who participated; we appreciate your time and feedback! Categories Trends & Stats , WeddingWire Tags Feedback , survey American Competitiveness What Works Posted by Catherine | February 9, 2012 | No Comments Join us on Tuesday, February 14 as WeddingWire s CEO, Timothy Chi, participates in Washington Post Live s the live journalism division of The Washington Post 4-day summit Feb. 13-16 , American Competitiveness What Works . Tim will be among local and national innovators, leaders and executives from Google , JetBlue and Honest Tea , discussing forward-thinking in American Manufacturing, Innovation, Global Competitiveness, and Workforce, Veterans and Reservists. If you re in the area, start your Valentine s Day with us at the Andrew W. Mellon Auditorium to observe Tim s panel discussion, Ideas and Innovation, with Dr. Regina Dugan Director, Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency , Alfred Spector VP of Research and Special Initiatives, Google and Moderator, Mary Jordan Editor, Washington Post Live . If you can t make it in person, we encourage you to join the conversation via live stream, available here on Tuesday. Click here for more information and to register. Registration is free but, space is limited. Categories Events , Innovation , WeddingWire Tags WashPost Live Pro Network Basics Posted by Kari | February 8, 2012 | No Comments We all know the old saying it s not what you know, it s who you know. At WeddingWire, we are passionate about the value behind networking online and in the wedding community to establish personal contacts with both potential clients and other industry professionals. Creating contacts is particularly important in the wedding industry, and WeddingWire offers a unique professional networking tool, the Pro Network, to connect your business to other Wedding Pros. Take advantage of this tool and connect with your colleagues, share endorsements and highlight your accomplishments. Pro Network endorsements serve as colleague reviews on the site, and can be effective to grow business and gain potential clients. To get started, simply click on the Pro Network tab within your WeddingWire account to see the different ways you can connect with other local Wedding Pros and manage your network. Pro Network Basics Pros I Know Send or accept invitations to connect with other Wedding Pros you know or have previously worked with. You can easily navigate between your connections, those you sent invitations to, and those who you received invitations from. You will be automatically notified via email when you receive a new invitation request so you will know to log into your account to make new connections! Once connected, you can give and receive endorsements of each other s businesses. Use the search bar on the far right of your screen, and review your personalized suggestions from the Pros You May Know section to send requests to connect with other colleagues. Preferred Pros Create your list of trusted Wedding Pros from the Pros I Know section. Your Preferred Pros list can be added to your Storefront, shared with clients through email and printing, and displayed on your website or blog using our Preferred Pros Widget. Endorsements After a connection has been made, you have both the ability to give and receive endorsements. Think of an endorsement as a review from a Wedding Pro. Endorsements can be displayed on your Storefront for potential clients to see, and you can use the Endorsement Widget to share them on your website or blog. Associations Are you a member of any wedding associations Share your credentials, and add them to your network. Simply search by the name or location of the association and click to request to join. Categories Networking , WeddingWire Tags Endorsements , Pro Network , Storefront HOW TO Share Your Upcoming Events Posted by Catherine | January 30, 2012 | No Comments Are you hosting an upcoming trunk show or event for newly engaged couples It s easy to add your event to WeddingWire so that brides searching in your area can easily find out about it and join! Just follow the simple steps in the video below to learn how Categories Business Tools , Events , WeddingWire Tags Events , HOW TO A Look Inside WeddingWire HQ Posted by Catherine | January 27, 2012 | 3 Comments As part of our new series, A Look Inside WeddingWire HQ, we want to give you an insider s look into our office located just outside Washington, D.C. in Bethesda, Maryland. We are excited to show you our office, introduce you to some of the key members of our team, and much more! There s no better place to start than our entrance, here you can see our entry way and just a glimpse into one of our main conference rooms which we ve aptly named for the road our office is located on. After just a few years, some of the more senior team members can remember they days when the whole company could fit into that conference room! Now we can barely fit one team and are looking forward to showing you all the ways we have expanded. Categories WeddingWire Tags A Look Inside WeddingWire HQ WeddingWire Happy Hour Philadelphia Posted by Catherine | January 25, 2012 | 6 Comments This past Monday, we were excited to be back in Philadelphia for WeddingWire Happy Hour! Members of the WeddingWire team gathered at The Walnut Room, near Rittenhouse Square, with Wedding Pros from the Philadelphia and South Jersey area. Similarly to our past WeddingWire Happy Hour events in San Diego and Richmond, Philadelphia and South Jersey Wedding Pros had the opportunity to mix and mingle with other local Pros across all service categories and listen to brief remarks by Kate Hoffman, Public Relations Manager, WeddingWire. A special thanks to Tim O Brian at The Walnut Room and Chrissy with Chrissy Dumire Photography for capturing the highlights of the event! If you were able to join us and you re still wondering what the video you saw was saying, please click here to view it! Please excuse our technical difficulties! We appreciate your patience! Congratulations to our drawing winner, Michelle Myers from Weddings By Michelle. She received a WeddingWire prize pack and HD flip video camera. more Categories Events , Networking , WeddingWire Tags Philadelphia , WeddingWire Happy Hour When and How to Respond to a Negative Review Posted by Kelly | January 24, 2012 | No Comments A former client wrote an unflattering review of your services and now you re worried about how this will affect future business. Fortunately, WeddingWire allows you to Respond to reviews in an effort to remedy the situation and deflect potential damage, but it s important to consider when and how you respond. By responding appropriately to a client s review, even if you don t agree with their comments, you show that you take a personal interest in your business and care to make it better. Before you get started, keep these few tips in mind Your responses are made public on WeddingWire Don t write anything you wouldn t want a potential client to see. If you come across as aggressive, argumentative or disingenuous, potential customers will see this as a turn-off and eliminate you from their list of potential vendors. Write with your prospects in mind. Respond when you re at fault If someone leaves a review with legitimate concerns and complaints, it s in your best interest to try to correct the situation. Apologize and explain why it won t happen again, and offer a remedy to the particular situation. Respond when the review states incorrect information Politely correct the reviewer. Sometimes a review is written for the incorrect business, so step in and take this as an opportunity to educate potential customers on your pricing, policies and business practices. Don t add fuel to the fire Some clients will never be satisfied with the service you provided. Don t waste your time trying to convince them otherwise, and encourage other clients to write a positive review to balance this one out. Never respond when you re still angry Whether you had a bad day, or the client was difficult to please, remember that you can t satisfy everyone. Personal attacks and a defensive attitude will not win you future business. Keep it simple When you choose it s appropriate to respond, keep your comments to about 5 concise sentences and move on. Be proactive and encourage all of your clients to write reviews of your business on WeddingWire. Customers use this information to evaluate your business and make informed decisions be responsive, approachable and professional! When you are logged into your account you will see a link below all of your reviews if you like to Respond. Categories Business Tools , Newlywed Reviews , WeddingWire Tags Respond , reviews Bride s Choice Awards 2012 Hear from the Winners! Posted by Catherine | January 23, 2012 | 1 Comment On January 9, we eagerly announced the 2012 winners of WeddingWire Bride s Choice Awards . The prestigious annual awards program recognizes the best local wedding vendors from the WeddingWire Network who demonstrate excellence in quality, service, responsiveness and professionalism within the wedding industry. It was with great pleasure that we congratulated the winners for their continued professionalism and commitment to enriching the wedding planning experience for engaged couples. Now, we re thrilled to share the benefits and successes directly from some of our award-winning wedding professionals! ___________________________________ WeddingWire has been an invaluable tool in helping to grow my business. Engaged couples need to feel confident in their choice of vendors and the reviews on WeddingWire provide just that. The Bride s Choice Award is a recognition that a vendor has performed well on a consistent basis throughout the year and that recognition benefits both the vendor and the couple. The couples I meet tell me how impressed they are with my work and reviews. What could be better than that Deborah Lauren, City Sweets & Confections , New York, NY ___________________________________ We re very honored and excited to have received WeddingWire s Bride s Choice Award for the 3 rd year in a row! We ve found that engaged couples want to read reviews from past clients, especially because, a lot of a wedding planner s offerings are intangible - peace of mind, attention to detail, organization and stress reduction! By providing prospective clients with access to read what our previous clients have said about their experience working with us is HUGE! Mark Kingsdorf, The Queen of Hearts Wedding Consultants , Philadelphia, PA ___________________________________ WeddingWire s Bride s Choice Awards have done nothing but great things for my studio. For those couples that find us online for the first time, they read through the reviews and have a chance to really get to know us! We love WeddingWire! Steven Saldana, Studio Saldana , New York, NY ___________________________________ Having reviews in one place on my WeddingWire storefront has been a great part of successfully booking engaged couples. People want to read reviews and feel more assured with their choice in a vendor. I m grateful to my past clients for leaving reviews, providing future clients with the confidence to choose my business. Jennifer Longaway, Jennifer Longaway Photography , San Francisco, CA ___________________________________ While many industry awards are selected by the organization, the WeddingWire Bride s Choice Awards are awarded solely based on the reviews from over 1.2 million newlyweds. The awards are determined by a combination of four factors overall rating, total number of reviews, review performance from 2011, and consistency of reviews from year to year. This year s recipients represent the top 5% of the WeddingWire local vendor community , comprised of over 200,000 wedding professionals throughout the United States and Canada. Professionals from across 20 service categories, from wedding venues to wedding photographers, are recognized based on their overall achievements throughout the previous year. For more information on the WeddingWire Bride s Choice Awards , please visit www.WeddingWire.com . Categories Newlywed Reviews , WeddingWire Tags Bride\'s Choice Awards 2012 Want the Celebrations.com Cupcake Crown Posted by Catherine | January 20, 2012 | No Comments The Celebrations Cupcake Crown is an annual awards competition to find the most creative cupcake in the country. The winner will receive a $2,500 travel voucher from Wyndham Vacation Rentals valid at locations across the globe! The submission period for the Celebrations Cupcake Crown has begun and they d love for you to enter a photo of your most creative cupcake or nominate one of your peers to participate. See below Here s how to enter Go to www.celebrations.com/cupcakecrown and upload a photo of your most creative cupcake. Name your cupcake and in a sentence or two, tell us why it s so special. Click publish to submit your cupcake and you will be entered for the chance to win some awesome prizes! Spread the word to your friends and family! Voting will be open to the public starting January 30th through February 13th. Here s what you win Grand Prize $2,500 travel voucher from Wyndham Vacation Rentals 1st Place Prize KitchenAid Classic Stand Mixer 2nd Place Prize $100 bakeware prize pack from PfaltzGraff It s that easy! To say thank you, they ve partnered up with PfaltzGraff so that every submission will receive a 15% off code to www.PfaltzGraff.com . Just be sure to enter your cupcake before January 30th! For the full rules and regulations for the Cupcake Crown, see the official rules and be sure to follow along via Facebook and Twitter using the hashtag #CupcakeCrown! Categories Events Tags Celebrations.com , contest Do You Pinterest Optimize Your Pins Posted by Catherine | January 19, 2012 | 6 Comments Pinterest has been spreading the nation like wildfire, allowing users to pin photos and inspiration of their favorite recipes, clothing, hair, designs, and more! Many brides and hopeful-brides have been using Pinterest as a new way to organize inspiration for their weddings! Take advantage of this new social vertical to spread photos and links from your website and blog. It is important to keep a few SEO Search Engine Optimization considerations in mind. Here are three areas to make sure you are optimizing your photos on Pinterest for SEO Description When you set up your profile, consider including some of your relavent keywords and details in your Pinterest description, make sure to include your category i.e. Photographer, Florist, DJ and the word weddings if this is your primary business! This way, when potential clients are searching on Google or Pinterest you can increase your chances of showing up as a result. Boards - Choose the title of your Pin Boards carefully! This is another area to include keywords, consider doing so both in the title and description of the boards where you organize your types of photos. Images - Ensure you are using the proper direct links to the photo from your website or blog so that you get the added benefits when your photos go viral and those who share your images are properly directed back to your site. more Categories Business Ideas , Business Tools , Innovation , Search Engine Optimization , Trends & Stats Tags Pinterest See WeddingWire at The EPIC Summit! Posted by Catherine | January 16, 2012 | 3 Comments Join us in March at The EPIC Summit in Lodi, NJ! On March 30, 2012, wedding and events professionals, from near and far, will come together at The EPIC Summit Luxury Wedding and Events Industry Business Conference for a day stocked full of education, inspiration and ideas. The conference features cutting-edge marketing, branding and communications strategies, plus culinary, catering and design innovation from industry experts. All attendees will have the opportunity to learn from industry leaders , meet with wedding and events experts and network with other Pros. We invite you to Listen to Sonny Ganguly, WeddingWire s CMO, present The Tech Report The Future of SO-LO-MO Meet and mingle with industry leaders Gather tips and tools for success in marketing, branding, communications and more Space is limited | WeddingWire Pros receive a special ticket price by using the code FACULTY20 Click here to register or get more information. We hope to see you in March! Categories Events , Innovation , Networking , Trends & Stats Tags The EPIC Summit Latest News For LGBT-Friendly Wedding Pros Posted by Catherine | January 12, 2012 | 1 Comment This post was written by Kathryn Hamm, President of GayWeddings.com, you can follow her on Twitter @gayweddingscom . GayWeddings.com is the leading online boutique and resource dedicated to serving same-sex couples since 1999 and a partner in the WeddingWire Network. ____________________________________________________________________ Something occurred to me recently. Times have really changed. We no longer live in a world where Ricky Martin is having to swear he isn t gay. Instead, he s having to swear that he isn t gay married ! I never thought I d see the day. But, here we are with 6 states Massachusetts, Iowa, New York, New Hampshire, Vermont and Connecticut and the District of Columbia proudly offering marriage licenses to all couples gay and straight alike while another 2 states Maryland and Washington have opened the 2012 season jockeying to see which can claim to be the eighth jurisdiction to legalize gay marriage. Further, there are several other states including Illinois, Hawaii, Delaware, Rhode Island, and New Jersey offering civil unions and other broad partnership recognition rights to same sex couples. You can learn more about the map of marriage equality here . This means that Wedding Pros in these areas should be making some conscious decisions about their marketing materials and the audience to whom they wish to speak if they haven t already done so . More than ever, gay and lesbian couples are out there and the audience is listening. more Categories Marketing , Trends & Stats Tags GayWeddings.com Older Entries 2012, WeddingWire, Inc | Home | Contact Us')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00095', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US" xmlns fb "http //www.facebook.com/2008/fbml" xmlns addthis "http //www.addthis.com/help/api-spec" > Twitter Facebook Recent Popular Congrats to Our Business Insight Survey Winner! American Competitiveness What Works Pro Network Basics HOW TO Share Your Upcoming Events A Look Inside WeddingWire HQ How To Create a Facebook Fan Page It\'s OK to Be \'Liked\' WeddingWire Networking Night Dallas What does your email address say about you WeddingWire Happy Hour San Diego Categories Tags Business Ideas Business Tools Email Marketing Events Finance Innovation Marketing MarthaStewart.com Partnerships Networking Newlywed Reviews Running of the Brides Sales Search Engine Marketing Search Engine Optimization Social Media Trends & Stats Uncategorized Webinars WeddingWire blog Blogs Bride\'s Choice awards brides Build Your Online Reputation Conquer Fears Deals Digg Education Center Endorsements Events EventWire facebook Filenes Basement foursquare google Google Analytics images inbound marketing Like Button LinkedIN marketing martha stewart weddings mobile Newlywed Reviews ning Photos reviews Running of the Brides Search Engine Marketing Search Engine Optimization SEO Social Media Storefront Top 10 Predictions for the Future of Technology Twitter Website Wedding MBA WeddingWire WeddingWire Happy Hour WeddingWire Network weddingwire rated WWNN yahoo youtube WeddingWire vendor catalog and tools are live on MarthaStewart.com Posted by Brian | June 20, 2008 | No Comments This week we announced the completion of our integration with the MarthaStewart.com Weddings website. Engaged users planning their weddings will now be able to search our vendor catalog right on MarthaStewart.com. In addition, our robust suite of planning tools is also going to now live on their website as well. This marks a few months of development that has gone into this integration project and we re really excited about it. As WeddingWire vendors, your listing now will get published on both sites, which means increased visibility for you. Find your listing on MarthaStewart.com/weddings here. P.S. Your reviews show up as well so be sure to continue asking your past clients for those reviews. Categories MarthaStewart.com Partnerships Tags martha stewart weddings , WeddingWire NEXT Can you Digg It Leave a Reply Name required Mail will not be published required Website 2012, WeddingWire, Inc | Home | Contact Us')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00096', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US" xmlns fb "http //www.facebook.com/2008/fbml" xmlns addthis "http //www.addthis.com/help/api-spec" > Twitter Facebook Recent Popular Congrats to Our Business Insight Survey Winner! American Competitiveness What Works Pro Network Basics HOW TO Share Your Upcoming Events A Look Inside WeddingWire HQ How To Create a Facebook Fan Page It\'s OK to Be \'Liked\' WeddingWire Networking Night Dallas What does your email address say about you WeddingWire Happy Hour San Diego Categories Tags Business Ideas Business Tools Email Marketing Events Finance Innovation Marketing MarthaStewart.com Partnerships Networking Newlywed Reviews Running of the Brides Sales Search Engine Marketing Search Engine Optimization Social Media Trends & Stats Uncategorized Webinars WeddingWire blog Blogs Bride\'s Choice awards brides Build Your Online Reputation Conquer Fears Deals Digg Education Center Endorsements Events EventWire facebook Filenes Basement foursquare google Google Analytics images inbound marketing Like Button LinkedIN marketing martha stewart weddings mobile Newlywed Reviews ning Photos reviews Running of the Brides Search Engine Marketing Search Engine Optimization SEO Social Media Storefront Top 10 Predictions for the Future of Technology Twitter Website Wedding MBA WeddingWire WeddingWire Happy Hour WeddingWire Network weddingwire rated WWNN yahoo youtube Can you Digg It Posted by Brian | June 30, 2008 | No Comments Such a simple phrase with such possibilities. When was the last time you submitted any news or a webpage to Digg.com For those not familiar, Digg is one of the largest social media sites consisting solely of user generated content. Using Digg can be a great way to create new links to your website links are a big piece of the search engine optimization game . If you have a blog, Digg your blog content with social bookmarks like at the beginning or end of the post and be sure to add a description about the submission. However, do NOT copy the first few lines of your article into the description. Duplicate content is not advised. Additionally, your visitors can also Digg your posts right on your blog using Digg Tools if you re feeling fancy or want your webmaster to do it . Remember, content is still most important so be sure to give your visitors something to Digg. Try Digg by selecting the button below this link that matches the Digg Guy in this post. Categories Search Engine Optimization , Social Media Tags Digg , link building , Search Engine Optimization , Social Media PREVIOUS WeddingWire vendor catalog and tools are live on MarthaStewart.com NEXT Submit your website to search engines Leave a Reply Name required Mail will not be published required Website 2012, WeddingWire, Inc | Home | Contact Us')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00097', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US" xmlns fb "http //www.facebook.com/2008/fbml" xmlns addthis "http //www.addthis.com/help/api-spec" > Twitter Facebook Recent Popular Congrats to Our Business Insight Survey Winner! American Competitiveness What Works Pro Network Basics HOW TO Share Your Upcoming Events A Look Inside WeddingWire HQ How To Create a Facebook Fan Page It\'s OK to Be \'Liked\' WeddingWire Networking Night Dallas What does your email address say about you WeddingWire Happy Hour San Diego Categories Tags Business Ideas Business Tools Email Marketing Events Finance Innovation Marketing MarthaStewart.com Partnerships Networking Newlywed Reviews Running of the Brides Sales Search Engine Marketing Search Engine Optimization Social Media Trends & Stats Uncategorized Webinars WeddingWire blog Blogs Bride\'s Choice awards brides Build Your Online Reputation Conquer Fears Deals Digg Education Center Endorsements Events EventWire facebook Filenes Basement foursquare google Google Analytics images inbound marketing Like Button LinkedIN marketing martha stewart weddings mobile Newlywed Reviews ning Photos reviews Running of the Brides Search Engine Marketing Search Engine Optimization SEO Social Media Storefront Top 10 Predictions for the Future of Technology Twitter Website Wedding MBA WeddingWire WeddingWire Happy Hour WeddingWire Network weddingwire rated WWNN yahoo youtube American Competitiveness What Works Posted by Catherine | February 9, 2012 | No Comments Join us on Tuesday, February 14 as WeddingWire s CEO, Timothy Chi, participates in Washington Post Live s the live journalism division of The Washington Post 4-day summit Feb. 13-16 , American Competitiveness What Works . Tim will be among local and national innovators, leaders and executives from Google , JetBlue and Honest Tea , discussing forward-thinking in American Manufacturing, Innovation, Global Competitiveness, and Workforce, Veterans and Reservists. If you re in the area, start your Valentine s Day with us at the Andrew W. Mellon Auditorium to observe Tim s panel discussion, Ideas and Innovation, with Dr. Regina Dugan Director, Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency , Alfred Spector VP of Research and Special Initiatives, Google and Moderator, Mary Jordan Editor, Washington Post Live . If you can t make it in person, we encourage you to join the conversation via live stream, available here on Tuesday. Click here for more information and to register. Registration is free but, space is limited. Categories Events , Innovation , WeddingWire Tags WashPost Live PREVIOUS Pro Network Basics NEXT Congrats to Our Business Insight Survey Winner! Leave a Reply Name required Mail will not be published required Website 2012, WeddingWire, Inc | Home | Contact Us')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00098', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US" xmlns fb "http //www.facebook.com/2008/fbml" xmlns addthis "http //www.addthis.com/help/api-spec" > Twitter Facebook Recent Popular Congrats to Our Business Insight Survey Winner! American Competitiveness What Works Pro Network Basics HOW TO Share Your Upcoming Events A Look Inside WeddingWire HQ How To Create a Facebook Fan Page It\'s OK to Be \'Liked\' WeddingWire Networking Night Dallas What does your email address say about you WeddingWire Happy Hour San Diego Categories Tags Business Ideas Business Tools Email Marketing Events Finance Innovation Marketing MarthaStewart.com Partnerships Networking Newlywed Reviews Running of the Brides Sales Search Engine Marketing Search Engine Optimization Social Media Trends & Stats Uncategorized Webinars WeddingWire blog Blogs Bride\'s Choice awards brides Build Your Online Reputation Conquer Fears Deals Digg Education Center Endorsements Events EventWire facebook Filenes Basement foursquare google Google Analytics images inbound marketing Like Button LinkedIN marketing martha stewart weddings mobile Newlywed Reviews ning Photos reviews Running of the Brides Search Engine Marketing Search Engine Optimization SEO Social Media Storefront Top 10 Predictions for the Future of Technology Twitter Website Wedding MBA WeddingWire WeddingWire Happy Hour WeddingWire Network weddingwire rated WWNN yahoo youtube Congrats to Our Business Insight Survey Winner! Posted by Kari | February 10, 2012 | No Comments We are pleased to announce our most recent WeddingWire Pro winner Stephen Cihanek of Stephen Cihanek Photography ! Congratulations to Stephen for winning a free Kindle Fire as the lucky winner from our giveaway as thank you for participation in our Business Insight survey, featured in the January WeddingWire Pros newsletter. As the leading wedding technology company, we want to better understand your business needs! The Business Insight Survey was designed to address the following questions What are the top areas where you need assistance How do you convert your prospects to booked clients How do you get photos of your work Thank you to all who participated; we appreciate your time and feedback! Categories Trends & Stats , WeddingWire Tags Feedback , survey PREVIOUS American Competitiveness What Works Leave a Reply Name required Mail will not be published required Website 2012, WeddingWire, Inc | Home | Contact Us')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00099', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US" xmlns fb "http //www.facebook.com/2008/fbml" xmlns addthis "http //www.addthis.com/help/api-spec" > Twitter Facebook Recent Popular Congrats to Our Business Insight Survey Winner! American Competitiveness What Works Pro Network Basics HOW TO Share Your Upcoming Events A Look Inside WeddingWire HQ How To Create a Facebook Fan Page It\'s OK to Be \'Liked\' WeddingWire Networking Night Dallas What does your email address say about you WeddingWire Happy Hour San Diego Categories Tags Business Ideas Business Tools Email Marketing Events Finance Innovation Marketing MarthaStewart.com Partnerships Networking Newlywed Reviews Running of the Brides Sales Search Engine Marketing Search Engine Optimization Social Media Trends & Stats Uncategorized Webinars WeddingWire blog Blogs Bride\'s Choice awards brides Build Your Online Reputation Conquer Fears Deals Digg Education Center Endorsements Events EventWire facebook Filenes Basement foursquare google Google Analytics images inbound marketing Like Button LinkedIN marketing martha stewart weddings mobile Newlywed Reviews ning Photos reviews Running of the Brides Search Engine Marketing Search Engine Optimization SEO Social Media Storefront Top 10 Predictions for the Future of Technology Twitter Website Wedding MBA WeddingWire WeddingWire Happy Hour WeddingWire Network weddingwire rated WWNN yahoo youtube Pro Network Basics Posted by Kari | February 8, 2012 | No Comments We all know the old saying it s not what you know, it s who you know. At WeddingWire, we are passionate about the value behind networking online and in the wedding community to establish personal contacts with both potential clients and other industry professionals. Creating contacts is particularly important in the wedding industry, and WeddingWire offers a unique professional networking tool, the Pro Network, to connect your business to other Wedding Pros. Take advantage of this tool and connect with your colleagues, share endorsements and highlight your accomplishments. Pro Network endorsements serve as colleague reviews on the site, and can be effective to grow business and gain potential clients. To get started, simply click on the Pro Network tab within your WeddingWire account to see the different ways you can connect with other local Wedding Pros and manage your network. Pro Network Basics Pros I Know Send or accept invitations to connect with other Wedding Pros you know or have previously worked with. You can easily navigate between your connections, those you sent invitations to, and those who you received invitations from. You will be automatically notified via email when you receive a new invitation request so you will know to log into your account to make new connections! Once connected, you can give and receive endorsements of each other s businesses. Use the search bar on the far right of your screen, and review your personalized suggestions from the Pros You May Know section to send requests to connect with other colleagues. Preferred Pros Create your list of trusted Wedding Pros from the Pros I Know section. Your Preferred Pros list can be added to your Storefront, shared with clients through email and printing, and displayed on your website or blog using our Preferred Pros Widget. Endorsements After a connection has been made, you have both the ability to give and receive endorsements. Think of an endorsement as a review from a Wedding Pro. Endorsements can be displayed on your Storefront for potential clients to see, and you can use the Endorsement Widget to share them on your website or blog. Associations Are you a member of any wedding associations Share your credentials, and add them to your network. Simply search by the name or location of the association and click to request to join. Categories Networking , WeddingWire Tags Endorsements , Pro Network , Storefront PREVIOUS HOW TO Share Your Upcoming Events NEXT American Competitiveness What Works Leave a Reply Name required Mail will not be published required Website 2012, WeddingWire, Inc | Home | Contact Us')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00101', '> GroupSpaces Create Your Own Group Sign In or Connect with Facebook | Help | Feedback DHP Concerts Bristol Home Manage About this group This is a group for bands who would like to support national and international touring acts booked by DHP Concerts at venues in Bristol. LOCAL BANDS ONLY PLEASE. Contact Name Patrick Somers E-mail promo [at] theklabristol.co.uk Contact the manager of this GroupSpaces group Category Music This group is for members only. Update this profile News & Announcements This group has no current announcements Sign In Create a site like this for your own group. Take a Tour or Sign Up Members Events February 2012 Mon Tue Wed Thu Fri Sat Sun 30 31 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 1 2 3 4 DHP Concerts Bristol Powered by GroupSpaces Privacy Terms Support Feedback Create Your Own Group')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00103', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml lang "en" lang "en" class "no-js homepage left-lead"> 34th St. Magazine Under the Button The Buzz The Red & the Blue New! About Contact Us Buy Photos Classifieds DPAA Subscribe Donate the dp .com a href \'http //www.34st.com/openx/www/delivery/ck.php n a7b92e00&amp;cb INSERT_RANDOM_NUMBER_HERE\' target \'_blank\'> img src \'http //www.34st.com/openx/www/delivery/avw.php zoneid 5&amp;cb INSERT_RANDOM_NUMBER_HERE&amp;n a7b92e00\' border \'0\' alt \'\' /> /a> News Opinion Sports Multimedia Events Advertise Teach for America receives mixed reviews from academic community As college students around the nation apply for Teach for America, some debate the true effectiveness of the program. 8 16 hours ago Penn men\'s basketball faces Harvard at the Palestra The last time a nationally ranked Ivy League basketball team walked into the Palestra, it walked out with a loss. Now Penn faces the same situation against No. 25 Harvard. 16 hours ago Ernest Owens | Debunking 40 acres and a month Who thought it was reasonable to dedicate the shortest month of the year to celebrating the history of blacks 5 26 minutes ago \'Vagina Monologues\' to empower women for twelfth year in a row It was late on a Tuesday night, and The Vagina Monologues cast was finishing its dress rehearsal before the show premieres tonight at 8 p.m. in Irvine Auditorium. 4 4 hours ago 34th Street The Blind Side J | 5 59am Let Me Take You To The Show J | 5 58am Artist Profile Lauren Yates J | 5 56am Love, And Other Factors J | 5 56am The Roundup 2.9.2012 J | 5 54am Attn Penn Frats. Play This, Not That J | 5 53am Ego of the Week Mady Glickman & Tamar Lisbona J | 5 52am Under the Button Pennetration, Edition 7 Karma Is A Drunk Bitch J | 2 14pm New Site Lets You Clip It For Later J | 1 05pm Those Flying Robots Are Generating A Lot Of Buzz J | 11 26am Love Week Is In The Digital Air J | 10 28am Wharton Works Both Coasts J | 7 07pm ShutterButton Betty s Back J | 6 00pm Don t Screw With This SEPTA Granny J | 3 26pm Friend us. Follow us. Subscribe. Get the DP Headlines Email a href \'http //www.34st.com/openx/www/delivery/ck.php n ab3e2962&amp;cb INSERT_RANDOM_NUMBER_HERE\' target \'_blank\'> img src \'http //www.34st.com/openx/www/delivery/avw.php zoneid 17&amp;cb INSERT_RANDOM_NUMBER_HERE&amp;n ab3e2962\' border \'0\' alt \'\' /> /a> a href \'http //www.oncampusweb.com/delivery/ck.php n a1c6f4d0&amp;cb INSERT_RANDOM_NUMBER_HERE\' target \'_blank\'> img src \'http //www.oncampusweb.com/delivery/avw.php zoneid 307&amp;cb INSERT_RANDOM_NUMBER_HERE&amp;n a1c6f4d0\' border \'0\' alt \'\' /> /a> \'Vagina Monologues\' to empower women for twelfth year in a row DP Politics Blog The Red & The Blue 34th Street Not Penn State\'s Sex Scandal 34th Steet Philly Refreshed 34th Street String Theory News Museum hosts talk on sexuality in ancient times Wegner, along with Classical Studies professor Ralph Rosen told salacious stories of ancient love affairs at this years event. 25 minutes ago Asian Playboy talks about his career as a professional Casanova CURF holds Third Annual Undergraduate Research Symposium Penn Med finds new vaccine for breast cancer The cure for cancer remains unknown, but researchers at the Perelman School of Medicine may have developed a way to stop one kind of cancer in its tracks. 15 hours ago Foot Locker CEO talks leadership, problem solving At Thursday s Wharton Leadership Lecture Ken Hicks, President and Chief Executive Officer of Foot Locker, spoke of his goal to turn a rapidly declining chain of less-than-successful athletic footwear outlets into the leading global retailer of athletically-inspired shoes and apparel. 16 hours ago \'Vagina Monologues\' to empower women for twelfth year in a row It was late on a Tuesday night, and The Vagina Monologues cast was finishing its dress rehearsal before the show premieres tonight at 8 p.m. in Irvine Auditorium. 4 4 hours ago Sports The Buzz In case you needed any more reason to come to the Palestra tonight 2 hours ago This Week on 33rd Street Feb. 10 3 hours ago Few student tickets remain for Penn-Harvard 3 hours ago The Crimson s take on Harvard hoops 22 hours ago Jeremy Lin gets the best of Wizards, Ryan Wittman tells dad he guarded Lin better 02/09/12 3 39pm Brandyn Curry is getting ready for Rosen 02/09/12 2 42pm Palestra may be all that stands in the way of Harvard s Ivy title hopes 02/09/12 12 31pm Jeremy Lin s emergence leads people to care about Ivy League athletes turned pro 02/08/12 4 58pm ESPN recognizes Penn-Princeton as one of the great college basketball rivalries 02/08/12 4 25pm From the Archives Maloney, Allen and the 1992-93 Quakers 02/08/12 4 30am Cal Silcox | The new Evil Empire Harvard is the antagonist to the Ivy saga this year a growing danger, challenging the traditional Ivy power structure of Penn and Princeton. 7 hours ago Women\'s basketball aims to erase its Boston slump In Mike McLaughlin s first season, a 1-24 Penn team fell in Boston, 55-52, on a three with 1.3 seconds left. Last season, the Crimson survived two overtime periods and 38 points from Alyssa Baron to win, 88-84. 16 hours ago One last hurrah at home for Penn wrestling Cornell may have already claimed the Ivy League title, but there s still a lot at stake for the Penn wrestling team.The Quakers face Columbia at the Palestra this Saturday before traveling to Lewisburg, Pa., to compete against Bucknell Sunday. 16 hours ago Penn fencing targeting the top Undefeated and the only team to knock off No. 1 Penn State, the Penn men s fencing team will enter this weekend s Ivy League tournament confident but cautious. 16 hours ago Opinion The Red and the Blue Analysis | Santorum benefits from Obama\'s birth control mistake 1 hour ago Pennsylvanians abandon Gingrich, support Romney and Santorum 5 hours ago Analysis | Biden\'s visit with Gutmann 02/09/12 3 11pm Analysis | An iOpener 02/09/12 2 18pm Huntsman named to Ford\'s Board of Directors 02/09/12 1 41pm Analysis | All eyes fixed on Santorum 02/08/12 11 29pm Analysis | Obama, Iran and the Strait of Hormuz 02/07/12 3 17pm Analysis | Do we really need political parties anymore 02/07/12 1 44pm Huntsman exits politics, returns to private sector 02/07/12 12 26pm Analysis | How foreign policy may hinder Obama s reelection 02/06/12 4 04pm Op-Art Jennie Shapira | Life as an Engineer Noah Feit | The truth about Boycott, Divestment and Sanctions and Israel I have read Matt Berkman, Madeline Notewar , and Abbas Naqvis guest column of Jan. 26, entitled BDS Explained with curiosity. Complete BDS coverage 39 16 hours ago Your Voice | A \'chilling account\' of a teen mob I was horrified to read Brian Goldman s chilling account of his assault at the hands of a gang of teenagers in busy and bustling Center City on a Saturday night. 1 18 hours ago Aya Saed | Should a point of view have a dollar value Don t get me wrong. I have no qualms with free speech, since I am obviously utilizing that right as you read. 18 hours ago Most Commented Newest BDS conference proceeds without conflict, protest BDS keynote speaks on Palestinians\' struggle for equality Ruben Gur | BDS is \'hateful\', \'discriminatory\' Brian Goldman | Flashback to a flashmob Ernest Owens | The 20-Year-Old-Virgin Asian Playboy talks about his career as a professional Casanova CURF holds Third Annual Undergraduate Research Symposium Penn Med finds new vaccine for breast cancer Foot Locker CEO talks leadership, problem solving \'Vagina Monologues\' to empower women for twelfth year in a row Penn Tweets DP Sports UTB 34ST a href \'http //www.34st.com/openx/www/delivery/ck.php n a65e26ca&amp;cb INSERT_RANDOM_NUMBER_HERE\' target \'_blank\'> img src \'http //www.34st.com/openx/www/delivery/avw.php zoneid 26&amp;cb INSERT_RANDOM_NUMBER_HERE&amp;n a65e26ca\' border \'0\' alt \'\' /> /a> Teach for America receives mixed reviews from academic community Interdisciplinary majors gaining popularity in College For some, interdisciplinary majors offer a unique opportunity to learn about a wider variety of subjects, while others believe these majors are too simplistic and not specialized enough. Brian Goldman | Flashback to a flashmob University finds UA guilty of hazing, alcohol violations The Undergraduate Assembly has been found to have violated the University s Antihazing and Alcohol and Drug policies, the UA s executive board announced in a statement Saturday evening. Ernest Owens | The 20-Year-Old-Virgin Front Page News All Topics Campus City Crime Log Opinion Editorials Columns Letters Opinion Art Guest Columns The Red & The Blue Events Multimedia Sports Baseball Golf M. Hoops M. Lacrosse M. Tennis Rowing Softball Sprint Football Track W. Lacrosse W. Tennis All Sports Ivy League Penn Athletics Sports Features Intramural Sports About Us Contact Us Dining Out Buy Photos Advertise Classifieds DPAA Subscribe Privacy Policy Terms of Service Sponsored Links All City Self Storage Philadelphia PA Lawyer Wrongful Death Philadelphia Injury Lawyer Car Donation Philadelphia Car Accident Lawyer Long Distance Movers Injury Lawyer Phoenix Accident Lawyer Merchant Services and Transaction Gateway Get our most recent print edition of The Daily Pennsylvanian Page Reprints The Daily Pennsylvanian is the University of Pennsylvania\'s independent student news organization. Learn more. Powered by Detroit Softworks')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00104', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml lang "en" lang "en" class "no-js homepage left-lead"> 34th St. Magazine Under the Button The Buzz The Red & the Blue New! About Contact Us Buy Photos Classifieds DPAA Subscribe Donate the dp .com a href \'http //www.34st.com/openx/www/delivery/ck.php n a7b92e00&amp;cb INSERT_RANDOM_NUMBER_HERE\' target \'_blank\'> img src \'http //www.34st.com/openx/www/delivery/avw.php zoneid 5&amp;cb INSERT_RANDOM_NUMBER_HERE&amp;n a7b92e00\' border \'0\' alt \'\' /> /a> News Opinion Sports Multimedia Events Advertise Cal Silcox | The new Evil Empire By Cal Silcox February 9, 2012, 11 57 pm Share This Tweet Just over four years ago, in a supermarket far, far away, Harvard basketball coach Tommy Amaker bumped into Zack Rosen s dad shopping while a high school basketball tournament was going on in Trenton, N.J. It was chronicled in an investigative piece by the New York Times on some potentially dirty recruiting by the Harvard basketball program. We really should get Zack up to Harvard, Amaker reportedly said to Rosen s father about recruiting the high school stud. Or, as I like to imagine, it went a little something like this Darth Vader Luke, you do not yet realize your importance. You have only begun to discover your power. Join me, and I will complete your training. With our combined strength, we can end this destructive conflict and bring order to the galaxy. Luke I ll never join you! Darth Vader If you only knew the power of the Dark Side. If only Zack had known the power. Had he joined the Dark Side, he could have won his first Ivy League title last year. He could be well on his way to the NCAA tournament this season. He could be on a nationally ranked team. No regrets, right Harvard is the antagonist to the Ivy saga this year a growing danger, challenging the traditional Ivy power structure of Penn and Princeton. In a short period of time, Harvard has become the Yankees, the Cowboys, the Heat of the Ivy League the team everyone loves to hate. Why Many complain about Harvard s rise. Perhaps it was predicated on some less-than-proper recruiting. Maybe Amaker has ruffled a few feathers along the way. Who cares The Crimson are the league s target for no reason other than the fact that they win. The same is true of Penn football, which the rest of the league despises simply because of the Quakers dominance over the last two decades. Honestly, it s more fun this way. Penn fans complain about the recent drought of Ivy titles, but isn t a little more league parity fun There s a new favorite and a new challenger each year. Every league needs a villain. Even more, a villain is exactly what Penn basketball needs. CALDER SILCOX is a senior science, technology and society major from Washington, D.C., and is a former Senior Sports Editor of The Daily Pennsylvanian. He can be reached at dpsports@theDP.com. Last updated February 10, 2012, 10 10 am Filed under Men\'s Hoops , Sports Permanent link http //thedp.com/r/d2004920 No Comments Submit a comment Be the first to comment on this article! Your Comment Friend us. Follow us. Subscribe. Get the DP Headlines Email a href \'http //www.34st.com/openx/www/delivery/ck.php n ab3e2962&amp;cb INSERT_RANDOM_NUMBER_HERE\' target \'_blank\'> img src \'http //www.34st.com/openx/www/delivery/avw.php zoneid 17&amp;cb INSERT_RANDOM_NUMBER_HERE&amp;n ab3e2962\' border \'0\' alt \'\' /> /a> a href \'http //www.oncampusweb.com/delivery/ck.php n a1c6f4d0&amp;cb INSERT_RANDOM_NUMBER_HERE\' target \'_blank\'> img src \'http //www.oncampusweb.com/delivery/avw.php zoneid 307&amp;cb INSERT_RANDOM_NUMBER_HERE&amp;n a1c6f4d0\' border \'0\' alt \'\' /> /a> Most Commented Newest BDS conference proceeds without conflict, protest BDS keynote speaks on Palestinians\' struggle for equality Ruben Gur | BDS is \'hateful\', \'discriminatory\' Brian Goldman | Flashback to a flashmob Ernest Owens | The 20-Year-Old-Virgin Asian Playboy talks about his career as a professional Casanova CURF holds Third Annual Undergraduate Research Symposium Penn Med finds new vaccine for breast cancer Foot Locker CEO talks leadership, problem solving \'Vagina Monologues\' to empower women for twelfth year in a row Penn Tweets DP Sports UTB 34ST a href \'http //www.34st.com/openx/www/delivery/ck.php n a65e26ca&amp;cb INSERT_RANDOM_NUMBER_HERE\' target \'_blank\'> img src \'http //www.34st.com/openx/www/delivery/avw.php zoneid 26&amp;cb INSERT_RANDOM_NUMBER_HERE&amp;n a65e26ca\' border \'0\' alt \'\' /> /a> Teach for America receives mixed reviews from academic community Interdisciplinary majors gaining popularity in College For some, interdisciplinary majors offer a unique opportunity to learn about a wider variety of subjects, while others believe these majors are too simplistic and not specialized enough. Brian Goldman | Flashback to a flashmob University finds UA guilty of hazing, alcohol violations The Undergraduate Assembly has been found to have violated the University s Antihazing and Alcohol and Drug policies, the UA s executive board announced in a statement Saturday evening. Ernest Owens | The 20-Year-Old-Virgin Front Page News All Topics Campus City Crime Log Opinion Editorials Columns Letters Opinion Art Guest Columns The Red & The Blue Events Multimedia Sports Baseball Golf M. Hoops M. Lacrosse M. Tennis Rowing Softball Sprint Football Track W. Lacrosse W. Tennis All Sports Ivy League Penn Athletics Sports Features Intramural Sports About Us Contact Us Dining Out Buy Photos Advertise Classifieds DPAA Subscribe Privacy Policy Terms of Service Sponsored Links All City Self Storage Philadelphia PA Lawyer Wrongful Death Philadelphia Injury Lawyer Car Donation Philadelphia Car Accident Lawyer Long Distance Movers Injury Lawyer Phoenix Accident Lawyer Merchant Services and Transaction Gateway Get our most recent print edition of The Daily Pennsylvanian Page Reprints The Daily Pennsylvanian is the University of Pennsylvania\'s independent student news organization. Learn more. Powered by Detroit Softworks')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00105', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml lang "en" lang "en" class "no-js homepage left-lead"> 34th St. Magazine Under the Button The Buzz The Red & the Blue New! About Contact Us Buy Photos Classifieds DPAA Subscribe Donate the dp .com a href \'http //www.34st.com/openx/www/delivery/ck.php n a7b92e00&amp;cb INSERT_RANDOM_NUMBER_HERE\' target \'_blank\'> img src \'http //www.34st.com/openx/www/delivery/avw.php zoneid 5&amp;cb INSERT_RANDOM_NUMBER_HERE&amp;n a7b92e00\' border \'0\' alt \'\' /> /a> News Opinion Sports Multimedia Events Advertise Women\'s basketball aims to erase its Boston slump Strong interior play will be key as Penn hopes to avoid more heartbreak at Harvard By Tim Ghosh February 9, 2012, 11 55 pm Share This Tweet Jing Ran | DP Freshman Kara Bonenberger s play in the post will be vital in establishing an offensive rhythm and helping break Penn s slump. Even with Valentine s Day fast approaching, the Penn women s basketball team was unable to catch a break as they will return to a land of heartbreak this weekend. The Quakers 8-11, 1-4 Ivy will travel to Harvard 11-8, 4-1 on Friday, a place where third-year coach Mike McLaughlin has watched the Crimson pull out down-to-the-wire games in his two previous trips. In McLaughlin s first season, a 1-24 Penn team fell, 55-52, on a three with 1.3 seconds left. Last season, the Crimson survived two overtime periods and 38 points from Alyssa Baron to win, 88-84. If the Quakers want to avoid repeating history, they will have to bring it offensively. For us to shoot a higher percentage, the ball is going to have to get inside, McLaughlin said, pointing to freshman forward Kara Bonenberger as the only player shooting above 40 percent. Penn is currently second to last in field-goal percentage and last in three-point shooting percentage in the Ivy League. Despite their lack of success from beyond the arc, the Quakers attempted 33 threes against Brown in their most recent game, which they lost in overtime. We re not a team that shoots [threes] at a high rate anyway, McLaughlin said. And when we end up taking 33 of them, that s never going to work for us. He believes the team has often settled for perimeter looks against attacking zone defenses that prevent them from establishing an inside presence. We definitely need to get the ball in the post, Baron said. That will open up things from the outside, too, so that we re not shooting as many threes or threes from as deep. I think we just need to focus more on looking at the post in the first place and throwing it in there, making a good pass for them. Penn did receive encouraging performances from post players Katy Allen and Bonenberger last weekend. The pair averaged 11 and 8.5 points over the two games, respectively. I think Kara kind of struggled a bit for about five or six games, maybe a little bit with her confidence, but I thought she played two really good games [last] weekend, and I think that s only going to help her, McLaughlin said. She s a confidence kid. And if she feels good about what she s doing, then I think the sky s the limit. [Allen s] role has obviously increased since [starting forward] Jess [Knapp] got hurt, and I think she has handled herself great, he added. Penn, mired in a 1-9 slide after a program-best start, will also face a similarly struggling Dartmouth squad Saturday. Something will have to give in a matchup between two teams that each have a lone Ivy win over Columbia. Last year, we let that game slip away too, Baron said, referring to a 68-65 road defeat to the Big Green. We re definitely looking to get in there and take advantage of them. McLaughlin feels that the team s attitude has not significantly changed through the season, but acknowledged it s tough after starting out winning seven of nine games and then losing nine of 10. It is important, mentally, for the Quakers not only to play well, but also to find a way back into the win column, according to McLaughlin. I think confidence and morale is naturally boosted when you find a way to win. Last updated February 10, 2012, 1 42 am Filed under Sports Permanent link http //thedp.com/r/52e35b5f No Comments Submit a comment Be the first to comment on this article! Your Comment Friend us. Follow us. Subscribe. Get the DP Headlines Email a href \'http //www.34st.com/openx/www/delivery/ck.php n ab3e2962&amp;cb INSERT_RANDOM_NUMBER_HERE\' target \'_blank\'> img src \'http //www.34st.com/openx/www/delivery/avw.php zoneid 17&amp;cb INSERT_RANDOM_NUMBER_HERE&amp;n ab3e2962\' border \'0\' alt \'\' /> /a> a href \'http //www.oncampusweb.com/delivery/ck.php n a1c6f4d0&amp;cb INSERT_RANDOM_NUMBER_HERE\' target \'_blank\'> img src \'http //www.oncampusweb.com/delivery/avw.php zoneid 307&amp;cb INSERT_RANDOM_NUMBER_HERE&amp;n a1c6f4d0\' border \'0\' alt \'\' /> /a> Most Commented Newest BDS conference proceeds without conflict, protest BDS keynote speaks on Palestinians\' struggle for equality Ruben Gur | BDS is \'hateful\', \'discriminatory\' Brian Goldman | Flashback to a flashmob Ernest Owens | The 20-Year-Old-Virgin Asian Playboy talks about his career as a professional Casanova CURF holds Third Annual Undergraduate Research Symposium Penn Med finds new vaccine for breast cancer Foot Locker CEO talks leadership, problem solving \'Vagina Monologues\' to empower women for twelfth year in a row Penn Tweets DP Sports UTB 34ST a href \'http //www.34st.com/openx/www/delivery/ck.php n a65e26ca&amp;cb INSERT_RANDOM_NUMBER_HERE\' target \'_blank\'> img src \'http //www.34st.com/openx/www/delivery/avw.php zoneid 26&amp;cb INSERT_RANDOM_NUMBER_HERE&amp;n a65e26ca\' border \'0\' alt \'\' /> /a> Teach for America receives mixed reviews from academic community Interdisciplinary majors gaining popularity in College For some, interdisciplinary majors offer a unique opportunity to learn about a wider variety of subjects, while others believe these majors are too simplistic and not specialized enough. Brian Goldman | Flashback to a flashmob University finds UA guilty of hazing, alcohol violations The Undergraduate Assembly has been found to have violated the University s Antihazing and Alcohol and Drug policies, the UA s executive board announced in a statement Saturday evening. Ernest Owens | The 20-Year-Old-Virgin Front Page News All Topics Campus City Crime Log Opinion Editorials Columns Letters Opinion Art Guest Columns The Red & The Blue Events Multimedia Sports Baseball Golf M. Hoops M. Lacrosse M. Tennis Rowing Softball Sprint Football Track W. Lacrosse W. Tennis All Sports Ivy League Penn Athletics Sports Features Intramural Sports About Us Contact Us Dining Out Buy Photos Advertise Classifieds DPAA Subscribe Privacy Policy Terms of Service Sponsored Links All City Self Storage Philadelphia PA Lawyer Wrongful Death Philadelphia Injury Lawyer Car Donation Philadelphia Car Accident Lawyer Long Distance Movers Injury Lawyer Phoenix Accident Lawyer Merchant Services and Transaction Gateway Get our most recent print edition of The Daily Pennsylvanian Page Reprints The Daily Pennsylvanian is the University of Pennsylvania\'s independent student news organization. Learn more. Powered by Detroit Softworks')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00106', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns fb "http //www.facebook.com/2008/fbml"> 28 our cities Austin Chicago London Los Angeles New York City San Francisco Shanghai Toronto Washington DC In Pictures Luminous Field At Millennium Park featured Tikiphiles Rejoice Paul McGee And The Melman Brothers To Open A Tiki Bar Teen Says City Sticker Design Had No Gang Symbolism Extra Extra Chicago Writes A Check To Gun Advocates pantagrapher Chicago had to write a check for $399,950 to gun rights group The Second Amendment Foundation to settle the McDonald v. Chicago case. [ NBC ] And then Texas Senate candidate Ted Cruz posted a photo of it on his campaign site. We can\'t help but roll our eyes. [ Ted Cruz ] Merchandise Mart pulls the plug on its 2012 Next Art Chicago fair, citing financial concerns. [ Sun-Times ] Mayor Rahm Emanuel and Cook County Board President Toni Preckwinkle back different candidates in the race for the Illinois Supreme Court. [ Crain\'s ] Democratic Sen. Dick Durbin is helping to pass Republican Sen. Mark Kirk s bills while he is out recovering from a stroke. We\'d say we\'re glad to see him reaching across the aisle, but it seems silly to congratulate someone for putting aside partisanship in order to act like a human. [ NBC ] Gov. Pat Quinn has released details on his plan to cut Medicaid expenses by $2 billion. He\'ll close tax loopholes, examine changes to the public employee pension system and raise the retirement age for workers. [ Tribune ] Want to turn a drab filing cabinet into classing kitchen table Here\'s a craft idea. [ Design Sponge ] Contact the author of this article or email tips@chicagoist.com with further questions, comments or tips. By Samantha Abernethy in News on February 9, 2012 6 00 PM 0 Comments chicago gun laws extras mayor rahm emanuel texas loves guns Other Interesting Stories Comments [ rss ] oonagh1 I love that you linked to Design Sponge. Great blog. Joseph Finn Great, more money to arms dealers. blog comments powered by Disqus Previous Home send a tip Got something to share Let us know! From tips@chicagoist.com all our cities one convenient app about staff / advertising / contact / archive contribute subscribe Use an RSS reader to stay up to date with the latest news and posts from Chicagoist. add chicagoist Yahoo NewsGator Bloglines Feedster Google Open external links in tabs 2003-2010 Gothamist LLC . All rights reserved. Terms of Use & Privacy Policy .')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00107', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns fb "http //www.facebook.com/2008/fbml"> 28 our cities Austin Chicago London Los Angeles New York City San Francisco Shanghai Toronto Washington DC In Pictures Luminous Field At Millennium Park featured Tikiphiles Rejoice Paul McGee And The Melman Brothers To Open A Tiki Bar Teen Says City Sticker Design Had No Gang Symbolism One For The Road "L" Car No. 1 Chicago History Museum Pictured above is Chicago\'s first elevated train car. That is the Fort Dearborn model, Pioneer Locomotive, \'L\' Car No. 1. Pretty impressive, eh The Chicago History Museum has this train car on display as part of the permanent exhibit Chicago Crossroads of America . And how did they get this classy antique train car in the museum Very carefully, as you\'ll see in the video below. Chicago History Museum, 1601 N. Clark Street, http //chicagohs.org/, Monday - Saturday 9 30 a.m. to 4 30 p.m., Sunday noon-5 p.m. Contact the author of this article or email tips@chicagoist.com with further questions, comments or tips. By Samantha Abernethy in News on February 9, 2012 5 30 PM 0 Comments chicago ephemera chicago history museum chicago transit authority chicago\'s history cool places to visit in chicago cta Other Interesting Stories Comments [ rss ] magooisim this is from when we were allowed to have nice things. blog comments powered by Disqus Previous Home send a tip Got something to share Let us know! From tips@chicagoist.com all our cities one convenient app about staff / advertising / contact / archive contribute subscribe Use an RSS reader to stay up to date with the latest news and posts from Chicagoist. add chicagoist Yahoo NewsGator Bloglines Feedster Google Open external links in tabs 2003-2010 Gothamist LLC . All rights reserved. Terms of Use & Privacy Policy .')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00108', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns fb "http //www.facebook.com/2008/fbml"> 28 our cities Austin Chicago London Los Angeles New York City San Francisco Shanghai Toronto Washington DC In Pictures Luminous Field At Millennium Park featured Tikiphiles Rejoice Paul McGee And The Melman Brothers To Open A Tiki Bar Teen Says City Sticker Design Had No Gang Symbolism DePaul Offers Birth Control in Health Plan Amid the Republican-led furor over the Obama administration s requirement that even religious-affiliated employers provide prescription birth control, the nation s largest Catholic university said this week it covers contraception as part of its health care benefit package. The 1,800 employee-university covers contraception in both its fully-insured HMO plan and its self-insured PPO. DePaul responded to a complaint from the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission several years ago and added artificial contraception as a benefit to its Blue Cross PPO. DePaul University s admission seems to contradict the Republican refrain that the contraception requirement, which is part of the Affordable Care Act, is an unprecedented attack on religious freedom . The rule exempts houses of worship and religious nonprofits, but some Catholics say that protection is too narrow. While the Vatican for the most part opposes contraception, 98 percent of sexually active Catholic women use birth control . The Affordable Care Act provision was modeled on contraceptive coverage requirements already on the books in 28 states , including Illinois. Nonetheless, Obama signaled he may pull out of that policy in the face of mounting GOP opposition . DePaul, you may remember, also scored dead last on a campus sexual health report card released by Trojan it was 139 out of 141 last year, too . Contraceptive availability factored into the rankings, so we wonder exactly how the Blue Demons must have irked Trojan maybe they prefer Durex. Contact the author of this article or email tips@chicagoist.com with further questions, comments or tips. By Chris Bentley in News on February 10, 2012 10 30 AM 0 Comments birth control contraception depaul university obama sex Other Interesting Stories Comments [ rss ] oonagh1 First, I\'d like to thank the Catholic church, and Republicans, for reminding me why I remain a lapsed Catholic. This is complete bullshit, plain and simple. How the Evangelicals and Catholics got so cozy, I have no idea. When I was growing up, I was the lone Catholic kid in a small-town public school class full of Fundamentalists and Evangelicals. I was thought to be a freak who practiced some type of mystical religion. But that\'s the past. I find it ironic that the Republicans are couching this is a big government intrusion and a violation of religious freedom but are perfectly fine with taking away my individual right to obtain contraception through my healthcare plan. Who\'s playing big government now I have to wonder, though, if Viagra is offered as part of a Catholic University or hospital\'s healthcare package. Is that medically necessary Maybe ED is God\'s way of saying to give it up. It\'s his own version of birth control. ChicagoD In fairness, it does seem as if ED meds should at least require a sperm viability test . . . Navin_Johnson Yeah, I guess it\'s nice that right wing Christians have gone beyond essentially calling Catholicism a "cult". Strange bedfellows. ChicagoD Not so strange. Kind of an inevitable and unfortunate reaction to the movement for equality of women. Reproductive freedom is something they can both agree on. Most of the rest of their theology clashes pretty dramatically if you actually are one of them, less so if it is all esoterica to you , but on this issue the priests and the pastors see eye to eye. The interesting difference seems to be the Catholic laity has just moved past the issue. Even among people who go to Mass, send the kids to school, etc. I never hear of this being an issue. At most it is "not the right choice for us , but may be for other people." I don\'t know many evangelicals, but the position seems more grass roots with them. In other words, the bishops either alienate their base, or have them nod, smile and ignore. The pastors seem to get support for this. Nicholas As Rachel Maddow said, "If altar boys could get pregnant, the Catholic Church would be all for contraception." BlueFairlane I\'m not really a fan of Rachel Maddow, but that is funny. Navin_Johnson When you think that it\'s basically male clergy bigwigs vs. 99% of women out there, it\'s one of the first things that comes to mind. Navin_Johnson These requirements have been there for over a decade, back through Bush\'s two terms and before. This is bullshit, plain and simple. jcuvs Though it should be mentioned that neither the student health services center SAGE nor the basic additional Aetna student coverage offer birth control coverage or discounts. ChicagoD No free rubbers at the student health center I guess I get that. It\'s a Catholic institution and all, but sheesh. McKinley used to give out such huge batches of free rubbers that nobody, I mean nobody could possibly have been getting laid that much. Good water balloons though. blog comments powered by Disqus Previous Home send a tip Got something to share Let us know! From tips@chicagoist.com The day\'s most popular stories from Chicagoist every evening in your inbox from our newsletter. EMAIL required about staff / advertising / contact / archive contribute subscribe Use an RSS reader to stay up to date with the latest news and posts from Chicagoist. add chicagoist Yahoo NewsGator Bloglines Feedster Google Open external links in tabs 2003-2010 Gothamist LLC . All rights reserved. Terms of Use & Privacy Policy .')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00109', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns fb "http //www.facebook.com/2008/fbml"> 28 our cities Austin Chicago London Los Angeles New York City San Francisco Shanghai Toronto Washington DC In Pictures Luminous Field At Millennium Park featured Tikiphiles Rejoice Paul McGee And The Melman Brothers To Open A Tiki Bar Teen Says City Sticker Design Had No Gang Symbolism Did John Wayne Gacy Act Alone Today\'s lead story in the Sun-Times is about the possibility that serial killer John Wayne Gacy may have had at least an accomplice in three of his murders . Criminal defense attorneys Robert Stephenson and Steven Becker re-examined the cases of Russell Nelson of Minneapolis, and Robert Gilroy and John Mowery of Chicago. they were among the 29 of Gacy\'s 33 victims found under the crawlspace of his Norwood Park home in 1979. Becker and Stephenson reviewed Gacy\'s work and travel records, which they say indicated he was out of town when Nelson and Gilroy disappeared. They also contend Gacy\'s work records didn\'t leave him enough time to abduct and kill Mowery. The evidence seems to strongly indicate Gacy had accomplices in the Gilroy and Nelson deaths. Stephenson said Gacy flew to Pittsburgh on Sept. 12, 1977 and returned to Chicago on Sept. 16, 1977. Robert Gilroy was reported missing Sept. 15, 1977. Russell Nelson went missing Oct. 19, 1977 while he and a friend were at a bar in Chicago. Nelson\'s mother said the friend later gave her a different account of his disappearance and revealed the friend offered two of Nelson\'s brothers jobs in Chicago with Gacy. Stephenson said he and Becker are ready and willing to share their findings with Cook County Sheriff Tom Dart, including thee name of Nelson\'s friend. Dart\'s office has been working to identify the remains of Gacy\'s eight John Doe victims through DNA testing since last summer. Two presumed victims were found to be living alive and well in Florida and Oregon , while the remains of one of the John Does was identified as William George Bundy . This isn\'t the first time that it\'s been presumed Gacy had accomplices. Gacy himself suggested that to CBS 2\'s Walter Jacobson a few years before he was executed in 1994. We\'ve included video of Gacy\'s assertion to Jacobson below. Contact the author of this article or email tips@chicagoist.com with further questions, comments or tips. By Chuck Sudo in News on February 10, 2012 11 00 AM 0 Comments cook county sheriff did john wayne gacy have accomplices john mowery john wayne gacy john wayne gacy murders robert gilroy robert stephenson russell nelson steven becker Other Interesting Stories Comments [ rss ] blog comments powered by Disqus Previous Home send a tip Got something to share Let us know! From tips@chicagoist.com all our cities one convenient app about staff / advertising / contact / archive contribute subscribe Use an RSS reader to stay up to date with the latest news and posts from Chicagoist. add chicagoist Yahoo NewsGator Bloglines Feedster Google Open external links in tabs 2003-2010 Gothamist LLC . All rights reserved. Terms of Use & Privacy Policy .')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00110', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns fb "http //www.facebook.com/2008/fbml"> 28 our cities Austin Chicago London Los Angeles New York City San Francisco Shanghai Toronto Washington DC In Pictures Luminous Field At Millennium Park featured Tikiphiles Rejoice Paul McGee And The Melman Brothers To Open A Tiki Bar Teen Says City Sticker Design Had No Gang Symbolism Friday Morning Diversion Fan Film And The Modern Hip Hopper This morning\'s NPR report on one fan\'s attempt to correct the perceived mistakes of George Lucas\'s The Phantom Menace had us thinking about what other films might need that special touch that only fans with a YouTube account can give. Which brings us to this morning\'s diversion, a fresh take on a quirky director, set to the musical stylings of one of the early naughts more prolific hip hop artists, Ja-Rule. Contact the author of this article or email tips@chicagoist.com with further questions, comments or tips. By Kevin Robinson in Arts & Entertainment on February 10, 2012 11 20 AM 0 Comments chicagoist diversions fan film friday morning diversion ja-rule wes anderson Other Interesting Stories Comments [ rss ] mike_thoms That\'s stupid...the best part of those scenes is the music. Then you replace that awesome music with a shitty rapper blog comments powered by Disqus Previous Home send a tip Got something to share Let us know! From tips@chicagoist.com The day\'s most popular stories from Chicagoist every evening in your inbox from our newsletter. EMAIL required about staff / advertising / contact / archive contribute subscribe Use an RSS reader to stay up to date with the latest news and posts from Chicagoist. add chicagoist Yahoo NewsGator Bloglines Feedster Google Open external links in tabs 2003-2010 Gothamist LLC . All rights reserved. Terms of Use & Privacy Policy .')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00111', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns fb "http //www.facebook.com/2008/fbml"> 28 our cities Austin Chicago London Los Angeles New York City San Francisco Shanghai Toronto Washington DC In Pictures Luminous Field At Millennium Park featured Tikiphiles Rejoice Paul McGee And The Melman Brothers To Open A Tiki Bar Teen Says City Sticker Design Had No Gang Symbolism Luol Deng Gets All-Star Nod AP Photo/Julio Cortez Bulls forward Luol Deng finally earned his first trip to the All-Star game yesterday, when he was named as a reserve for the Eastern Conference team. Despite slightly lower stats than in past seasons and missing seven games due to an injured wrist, Deng was selected by the league\'s coaches to play in the mid-season exhibition and will join Derrick Rose in Orlando when the league\'s top players take the court on Feb. 26. Averaging 16 points, 7.3 rebounds and 2.5 assists, Deng\'s scoring has been down this year yet he remains the team\'s second leading scorer and critical to the team\'s success. The Bulls hold an NBA-best 22-6 record, but three of the Bulls\' six losses came during that seven game stretch that Deng sat out. Bulls head coach Tom Thibodeau said before Deng\'s selection was announced, "Lu\'s play speaks for itself. He plays great defense. He plays a great floor game. He moves without the ball. He makes the extra pass. You can\'t measure his impact statistically. I know what he brings. I know all the coaches and all his teammates appreciate everything that he does." Fellow All-Star Rose also should be relieved that Deng will be joining him in Orlando. "I know that I\'d probably be more hurt than Lu [if he doesn\'t make it]," the league\'s MVP said Wednesday night. "Knowing that he has a nonchalant attitude about making the team. But I think that he deserves it." We do, too. During his eight year career, he has performed at a level worthy of All-Star consideration. This year, he finally got the recognition for his contribution to the Bulls\' success. Contact the author of this article or email tips@chicagoist.com with further questions, comments or tips. By Benjy Lipsman in News on February 10, 2012 9 00 AM 0 Comments All-Star Game basketball Chicago Bulls chicago bulls nba all-stars derrick rose Luol Deng nba all-star game sports Other Interesting Stories Comments [ rss ] blog comments powered by Disqus Previous Home send a tip Got something to share Let us know! From tips@chicagoist.com The day\'s most popular stories from Chicagoist every evening in your inbox from our newsletter. EMAIL required about staff / advertising / contact / archive contribute subscribe Use an RSS reader to stay up to date with the latest news and posts from Chicagoist. add chicagoist Yahoo NewsGator Bloglines Feedster Google Open external links in tabs 2003-2010 Gothamist LLC . All rights reserved. Terms of Use & Privacy Policy .')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00112', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns fb "http //www.facebook.com/2008/fbml"> 28 our cities Austin Chicago London Los Angeles New York City San Francisco Shanghai Toronto Washington DC In Pictures Luminous Field At Millennium Park featured Tikiphiles Rejoice Paul McGee And The Melman Brothers To Open A Tiki Bar Teen Says City Sticker Design Had No Gang Symbolism Morning Box Score Illinois Loses At Home, NU Improves Big Dance Chances Indiana 84, Illinois 71 Bruce Weber\'s Illini continue to be maddening. They were beaten up inside at Bloomington\'s Assembly Hall against the Hoosiers, where Indiana Coach Tom Crean challenged his team to be tougher. Illinois center Meyers Leonard helped Indiana\'s cause by picking up some stupid fouls. Hoosier center Cody Zeller schooled Leonard for 22 points anf five rebounds. The Illini are 5-6 in Big ten play, but they need to have a strong finish if they expect to make the NCAA tournament. Northwestern 83, Iowa 64 Northwestern improved its chances at their first NCAA tournament bid by thoroughly outclassing Iowa last night at Welsh-Ryan Arena. All five Wildcat starters scored in double figures, led by Dave Sobolewski\'s season-high 23 points. John Shurna added 17 and Reggie HEarn 16 for Northwestern Contact the author of this article or email tips@chicagoist.com with further questions, comments or tips. By Chuck Sudo in News on February 10, 2012 9 50 AM 0 Comments Other Interesting Stories Comments [ rss ] twocee To console Illini fans a little, Indiana beat Kentucky a feat no one else has done at home earlier. The Hoosiers are maddeningly tough inside their own home. Go Northwestern! I\'ve been pulling for them to make the dance since the beginning of the season. BlueFairlane This is one of the few times I\'ll cheer a Hoosier win. DirectAmp They didnt lose at home BRO get your facts straight blog comments powered by Disqus Previous Home send a tip Got something to share Let us know! From tips@chicagoist.com The day\'s most popular stories from Chicagoist every evening in your inbox from our newsletter. EMAIL required about staff / advertising / contact / archive contribute subscribe Use an RSS reader to stay up to date with the latest news and posts from Chicagoist. add chicagoist Yahoo NewsGator Bloglines Feedster Google Open external links in tabs 2003-2010 Gothamist LLC . All rights reserved. Terms of Use & Privacy Policy .')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00113', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns fb "http //www.facebook.com/2008/fbml"> 28 our cities Austin Chicago London Los Angeles New York City San Francisco Shanghai Toronto Washington DC In Pictures Luminous Field At Millennium Park featured Tikiphiles Rejoice Paul McGee And The Melman Brothers To Open A Tiki Bar Teen Says City Sticker Design Had No Gang Symbolism Once More, With Feeling The Soul Train Dance Line Tribute To Don Cornelius One of my favorite posts I\'ve written recently has been the Soul Train Dance Line Tribute to Don Cornelius . The photos from Chicagoist Photos Flickr pool contributor Nora McMahon perfectly captured the joy of the people who took part and the spirit of the flash mob. Videos from the dance line have popped up on YouTube here and there. This one from Mariko Charvat, a media editor at Weigel Broadcasting, outclasses them all. With all the gray skies and a good chance for snow today, here\'s something to warm your day. Thanks to reader Carl B. for the tip . Contact the author of this article or email tips@chicagoist.com with further questions, comments or tips. By Chuck Sudo in Arts & Entertainment on February 10, 2012 8 40 AM 0 Comments chicago soul train dance line mariko charvat soul train dance line to don cornelius Other Interesting Stories Comments [ rss ] Previous Home send a tip Got something to share Let us know! From tips@chicagoist.com all our cities one convenient app about staff / advertising / contact / archive contribute subscribe Use an RSS reader to stay up to date with the latest news and posts from Chicagoist. add chicagoist Yahoo NewsGator Bloglines Feedster Google Open external links in tabs 2003-2010 Gothamist LLC . All rights reserved. Terms of Use & Privacy Policy .')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00114', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns fb "http //www.facebook.com/2008/fbml"> 28 our cities Austin Chicago London Los Angeles New York City San Francisco Shanghai Toronto Washington DC In Pictures Luminous Field At Millennium Park featured Tikiphiles Rejoice Paul McGee And The Melman Brothers To Open A Tiki Bar Teen Says City Sticker Design Had No Gang Symbolism Tikiphiles Rejoice Paul McGee And The Melman Brothers To Open A Tiki Bar Ever since Paul McGee announced he was leaving The Whistler, rumors have swirled about what exactly he was going to do next. We knew he was joining up with Lettuce Entertain You, and we had heard something about a country bar with the Melman boys. Frankly, a country bar no matter how good the whiskey list didn\'t really get us cocktail nerds going, so our attention waned. Imagine our newfound excitement when we heard that half of the project was going to be a brand new Tiki Bar! McGee has been a promoter of tiki-style cocktails for years, and we\'ve enjoyed his tiki nights at the Whistler. Tiki in Chicago, aside from those brief moments at The Whistler, has been in something of a deep freeze since Trader Vic\'s closed last year . Looks like the rum, umbrellas, fruit juices and palm fronds are coming back. Below the country-themed bar will be "a sophisticated 4,000 square foot Tiki lounge" where visitors can "enjoy classic drinks featuring fresh-squeezed juices and other exotic ingredients." The tiki bar no name yet will have it\'s own private entrance, and supposedly will boast the city\'s most extensive rum collection. To assuage the fears of those accustomed to Melman properties like Sub 51 and Studio Paris, this will not be a nightclub, nor will the focus be on the scene. McGee told Time Out Chicago that the tiki bar will be serious about the quality of the drinks we wouldn\'t expect anything less and R.J. Melman emphasized that, unlike nightclubs, bars are "inclusive." We couldn\'t be more excited about this. One of the best mixers in the city, with a serious personal love for tiki drinks, will be mixing up our Royal Hawaiians, Mai Tais and whatever else he comes up with. Plus, we don\'t have to feign enthusiasm about yet another pre-prohibition style cocktail bar with arm-banded mixologists. You can bet we\'ll be there on opening night. The new bar will be located at 435 N. Clark Street. Contact the author of this article or email tips@chicagoist.com with further questions, comments or tips. By Anthony Todd in Food on February 10, 2012 9 20 AM 0 Comments bar cocktails lettuce entertain you openings paul mcgee tiki whistler Other Interesting Stories Comments [ rss ] Babette_Verveille shit yes! excited about the country-themed bar as well... Use Psychology This is bullshit. Rum is for plebs and river north doens\'t need another overpriced bar. You can guarantee the cocktails will be 12+ each and not the more reasonable $8 from the whistler. randomcha What the hell does "rum is for plebs" mean The same way that whiskey, beer, or alcoholic beverages in general are for plebs Use Psychology Rum is something you trade to Africans to get more Africans to grow more sugar to make more rum to trade for more Africans. You make your sailors drink it so they\'ll shut up about the whole process, too. Real men drink whiskey. Navin_Johnson Given that those workers were slaves, I suppose a bit of rum for their labors would have been a step up. ChicagoD Wait, isn\'t whiskey something you trade to Native Americans to take their land Wanna try vodka I don\'t think that\'s been traded for anything more than regrettable sex. Oh, and you\'re an asshole. Use Psychology Maybe if you\'re French or American. ChicagoD Touche. No Scots or Irish immigrants ever interacted with either Native Americans or "First Nations." Certainly no "Canadian" would ever have done this. Weak and stupid argument. Troll better. Chuck_Sudo Rum is something you trade to Africans to get more Africans to grow more sugar to make more rum to trade for more Africans. Detective Shaved Longcock, is that you Real men drink whiskey. Real men don\'t have to say "real men drink whiskey." Use Psychology They do when talking to random chai. Lindsey Bahr Get your story straight. Are you a snob or of the people 1% BS contradictory rhetoric. Go back to the Gold Coast. randomcha Cautiously optimistic. Paul is the guy to do it--and if he pulls it off, then it\'s a harbinger for more Chicago tiki bars! Us tikiphiles deserve a whole variety of tiki establishments to choose from, and there\'s plenty of room in this town for more than one. slickpoetry Just drive out to Hala Kahiki when your jonesing for some Tiki. Navin_Johnson I think it\'s the driving aspect that puts that place on the back burner. It\'s awesome though, if you can convince some poor soul to be your d.d. Lisa White Yes!!!! I was so sad to find out he was leaving The Whistler since it\'s close to my home, but this news makes it a lot better. Molly O\'Sullivan I KNEW IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Fuck yeah, Paul! Nicholas I never liked a Mai Tai until I had a real one, made from scratch ingredients, in Hawaii. I hope this place will live up to that standard. bridget I was really excited for tiki \'till I saw the location. Ok, I\'m still a little excited. blog comments powered by Disqus Previous Home send a tip Got something to share Let us know! From tips@chicagoist.com The day\'s most popular stories from Chicagoist every evening in your inbox from our newsletter. EMAIL required about staff / advertising / contact / archive contribute subscribe Use an RSS reader to stay up to date with the latest news and posts from Chicagoist. add chicagoist Yahoo NewsGator Bloglines Feedster Google Open external links in tabs 2003-2010 Gothamist LLC . All rights reserved. Terms of Use & Privacy Policy .')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00115', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns fb "http //www.facebook.com/2008/fbml"> 28 our cities Austin Chicago London Los Angeles New York City San Francisco Shanghai Toronto Washington DC In Pictures Luminous Field At Millennium Park featured Tikiphiles Rejoice Paul McGee And The Melman Brothers To Open A Tiki Bar Teen Says City Sticker Design Had No Gang Symbolism Today\'s Weather Snow Image Credit Seth Oliver Once we don our boots, we cannot take them off until they\'ve been walked through snow. Hopefully, that will be the case later today. We\'re in store for a long overdue blast of cold er air and with that will come lake effect snow this afternoon and evening for southern Cook and Will counties. Layer up and moisturize, also winds are shifting to the north and gusting at up to 30 mph. If you\'re out and about tonight, be advised. The overnight lows will be the coldest around here in quite some time. Happy Friday! Contact the author of this article or email tips@chicagoist.com with further questions, comments or tips. By Chuck Sudo in News on February 10, 2012 8 20 AM 0 Comments chicago area weather chicago weather forecast chicagoist photos flickr pool chicagoist reader photography chicagoist wake-up call chicagoist weather post Other Interesting Stories Comments [ rss ] blog comments powered by Disqus Previous Home send a tip Got something to share Let us know! From tips@chicagoist.com The day\'s most popular stories from Chicagoist every evening in your inbox from our newsletter. EMAIL required about staff / advertising / contact / archive contribute subscribe Use an RSS reader to stay up to date with the latest news and posts from Chicagoist. add chicagoist Yahoo NewsGator Bloglines Feedster Google Open external links in tabs 2003-2010 Gothamist LLC . All rights reserved. Terms of Use & Privacy Policy .')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00116', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"> Go to GoAnimate Lesson Gallery Contributors FAQ Forum Features Get a quote Get Your Students Animated About Learning GoAnimate state-of-art animation tools are perfect to complement your teaching and get your students to put learning into practice. Interact With Hundreds of Educators Worldwide Our Lesson Gallery is a growing database of educational materials creating by educators around the world. A great place to share your practices and experiences. Learn more Most Popular Animations Design Principles and GoAnimate Arts & Literature Sight Word Assignment 3-31 Languages dance Math Global Warming Science OMAM 1 Arts & Literature Pattern of the Mythic Hero -Stage 1 Arts & Literature Top Contributor Steve Moore Josh Fritts misterschool Testimonials "The best thing is that I could express a story that is hundreds of years old in any way I wanted to express it!" - Jean Luc Neefs, Grade 9 student "All my students got it right away and you could hear a heart palpitate in that room, they were so engaged in their animations." -Ms. Aloha Lavina, teacher Get a Quote Tell us about your school and we will tailor-made a quote that best suits your needs Contact Us Now > Site Activity Retrieving user activities ... Got a question Check out our FAQ or contact support at edhelp@goanimate.com GoAnimate 2011 Notification Initializing the studio... This may take longer time the first time you use it')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00117', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Advertisement 17 Snow H 36 L 18 Full forecast skip to main content skip to main menu Top 10 Photos of the Week Feb. 2-8 Libertyville firefighters search for gun in Des Plaines River League of Women Voters to host 4 candidate forums, starting Sunday 1 to 3 inches of snow here, but much, much more in northwest Indiana Ditka son scores pretrial win in DUI case Advertisement News Schools Government Crime Sports Report Cards Player of the Month Family Special sections More sections Arts Athlete of the Month Business Children and family Community service Contests Education Elections Entertainment Food and drink Health and fitness History Home and garden Library Nature Obituaries Opinion Other People Pets Photos of the week Player of the Month Politics and government Religion Report Cards Seasonal Seniors Shopping Teens Travel Uncategorized Volunteering Weather From the community Stories | Calendar | Photos | Classifieds Post a story Top stories Business Who Are The Top Home Service Providers in Your Town By TribLocal Marketing | Today at 2 33 p.m. Know a good plumber Let others know with TribLocal s Service Alley, the new home services marketplace website where you can find, evaluate, contact and share Read more Government Voters asked to pay for Libertyville road repairs Today at 1 01 p.m. The Daily Herald reports Libertyville streets won t crumble to dust if voters reject a property tax increase to fix them but waiting will delay the Read more Government From the community Preview March 20, 2012 Primary Ballots Online By Willard R. Helander | Today at 8 49 a.m. Registered voters in Lake County may now preview their official ballot at LakeVoterPower.info using the "What\'s on My Ballot " link. The user is prompted to Read more Government From the community Voting by Mail Open for All Registered Lake County Voters By Willard R. Helander | Today at 8 55 a.m. Registered voters may request an official application for ballot for the March 20th Primary. Illinois law requires each person voting by mail to complete an Read more Weather 1 to 3 inches of snow here, but much, much more in northwest Indiana Today at 6 53 a.m. The National Weather Service has downgraded its lake-effect snow warning for Cook and Will counties today, but says northwest Indiana is in danger of 6 Read more Crime Ditka son scores pretrial win in DUI case By Ruth Fuller | Yesterday at 4 34 p.m. Michael P. Ditka one of two sons of the former Bears coach facing DUI charges out of Deerfield scored a legal touchdown of Read more Weather Arctic front could bring half-foot of snow Yesterday at 2 33 p.m. An arctic cold front blowing across Lake Michigan could dump more than 6 inches of snow in some parts of the Chicago area Friday afternoon Read more Uncategorized Charity of Choice Contest Nominations Now Open By TribLocal Marketing | Yesterday at 1 31 p.m. Nominations for season two of the popular TribLocal Charity of Choice Contest are now open. Nominate the local charitable group or organization that is making Read more Education From the community Fremont school earns state s Academic Excellence Award By Margaret Van Duch | Wednesday at 2 32 p.m. For two years in a row Fremont Middle School has received the state s high recognition of the Academic Excellence Award.To earn the Academic Excellence Award, Read more Arts From the community Dancenter North to Perform at Dance for Life March 4th! By Molly Rosen | Wednesday at 3 32 p.m. Dancenter North will be one of several dance studios performing at Dance for Life, an annual AIDS fundraiser held at Wheeling High School\'s Sang Theatre, Read more Older Stories Nearby Lake Zurich Lincolnshire Mundelein Vernon Hills Photos Post photos Put a ring on it Mugs in the Burbs Cosmetic supply theft Top 10 Photos of the Week Feb. 2-8 2012 GLMV Winter Gala Cuneo Mansion & Gardens 1/28 Top 10 photos of the week Jan. 26 to Feb. 1 2012 North Suburban Conference Wrestling Championships LHS See all galleries Subscribe to the Tribune Email newsletters TribLocal RSS feed Mobile alerts For sale Near Libertyville Post a classified More for sale Post an event Calendar Friday, February 10 Libertyville Cooperative Nursery School Open House Libertyville Cooperative Nursery School Kids\' & Parents\' Night Out Libertyville Civic Center Saturday, February 11 Lake County Area Computer Enthusiasts LCACE Help Desk Grayslake Area Public Library Lake County Area Computer Enthusiasts LCACE Meeting Grayslake Area Public Library Sunday, February 12 Candidate Forum League of Women Voters of Lake County University Center of Lake County See all events TribLocal on Twitter Sheryl DeVore Community producer @TribLocalSheryl Suburban residents fall victim to grandparents scam #TribLocal - http //t.co/DM3kCkVA #TribLocal We\'ll share the latest news and reactions to the #Naperville stabbing in aTwitter chat at 12 30 today. Follow @ TribLocal Pat s Pizza closes doors after 31 years #TribLocal - http //t.co/2YHNm2Rm Follow @TribLocalSheryl on Twitter Advertisement Send tips to triblocaltips@tribune.com or call 708 505-9504 Libertyville TribLocal staff Sheryl DeVore Community producer Amy Alderman TribLocal reporter Editorial staff Top stories on TribLocal TribLocal home | About us | Help | F.A.Q. | Contact us | Advertise with us | Sponsorships | Read our newspaper | Terms of service | Privacy policy')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00118', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Advertisement Sections Home , Calendar , News , Schools , Government , Crime , Sports , Report Cards , Player of the Month , Family , Special sections , More sections Arts Athlete of the Month Business Children and family Community service Contests Education Elections Entertainment Food and drink Health and fitness History Home and garden Library Nature Obituaries Opinion Other People Pets Photos of the week Player of the Month Politics and government Religion Report Cards Seasonal Seniors Shopping Teens Travel Uncategorized Volunteering Weather 17 Snow H 36 L 18 Full forecast skip to main content skip to main menu Post a story Arts From the community Dancenter North to Perform at Dance for Life March 4th! By Molly Rosen Wednesday at 3 32 p.m. Tweet Print Dancenter North will be one of several dance studios performing at Dance for Life, an annual AIDS fundraiser held at Wheeling High School\'s Sang Theatre, located at 900 South Elmhurst Road. This year\'s event will be held on Sunday, March 4th at 5 00 p.m. Tickets are $12. Dance for Life raises awareness and funds for HIV/AIDS care, prevention and education, while promoting the art of dance in Chicago. Dance for Life was founded in 1992 as a way for dancers and dance companies, whose incomes do not normally allow for large donations, to be able to contribute time, effort and much-needing needed funding for existing AIDS agencies. Dance for Life 2012 will feature performances by Dancenter North, the Arlington Dance Ensemble, Buffalo Grove Studio of Dance, Chicago Academy for the Arts, Chicago Ballet Arts, Extensions, Footworks Dance Ensemble, Kristina\'s Studio of Dance, Loyola Academy of Dance, Matrix Dance Improv, Visceral Youth, and Wheeling High School Orchesis. Flag as inappropriate How is this inappropriate Share this story Print Recommended stories Also on TribLocal Libertyville Top 10 Photos of the Week Feb. 2-8 Libertyville firefighters search for gun in Des Plaines River League of Women Voters to host 4 candidate forums, starting Sunday 1 to 3 inches of snow here, but much, much more in northwest Indiana Ditka son scores pretrial win in DUI case Advertisement Advertisement Nearby Lake Zurich Lincolnshire Mundelein Vernon Hills Photos Post photos Put a ring on it Mugs in the Burbs Cosmetic supply theft Top 10 Photos of the Week Feb. 2-8 David Adler Music and Arts Center Offers Art Instruction for Children Adults Top 10 photos of the week Jan. 26 to Feb. 1 2012 GLMV Winter Gala Cuneo Mansion & Gardens 1/28 2012 North Suburban Conference Wrestling Championships LHS See all galleries Subscribe to the Tribune Email newsletters TribLocal RSS feed Mobile alerts Send tips to triblocaltips@tribune.com or call 708 505-9504 Libertyville TribLocal staff Sheryl DeVore Community producer Amy Alderman TribLocal reporter Editorial staff Top stories on TribLocal TribLocal home | About us | Help | F.A.Q. | Contact us | Advertise with us | Sponsorships | Read our newspaper | Terms of service | Privacy policy')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00119', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Advertisement Sections Home , Calendar , News , Schools , Government , Crime , Sports , Report Cards , Player of the Month , Family , Special sections , More sections Arts Athlete of the Month Business Children and family Community service Contests Education Elections Entertainment Food and drink Health and fitness History Home and garden Library Nature Obituaries Opinion Other People Pets Photos of the week Player of the Month Politics and government Religion Report Cards Seasonal Seniors Shopping Teens Travel Uncategorized Volunteering Weather 19 Mostly Cloudy H 36 L 19 Full forecast skip to main content skip to main menu Post a story Business From the community GLMV Chamber Names Sedrik Newbern 2011 Entrepreneur of the Year By Carol Levin Wednesday at 3 39 p.m. Tweet Print The Green Oaks, Libertyville, Mundelein, Vernon Hills GLMV Chamber of Commerce has named Sedrik Newbern 2011 Entrepreneur of the Year. Sedrik is owner of an Allstate agency Phoenix Insurance & Financial Services, 711 N. Milwaukee Avenue, Libertyville. Sedrik truly demonstrates the entrepreneurial spirit by his ability to successfully grow a new business and be a leader in programs to enhance the community, noted Alese Campbell, GLMV Executive Director. As a large and active business group, we continue to support the endeavors of local business people through this annual award as well as our continued business advocacy. Sedrik grew his agency by 12% in revenue in the first year. He also completed a merger that quadrupled the agency size, revenue and households. Sedrik added three salespeople, growing from four to seven team members. An active GLMV Chamber member, Sedrik raised $540 for the 2011 GLMV/American Cancer Society Relay for Life. He also serves on the Boys and Girls Club and U of IL Extension Foundation boards, and Mainstreet Libertyville and Shop Local 60048 committees. The award was presented at the recent GLMV Chamber s 2012 Winter Gala at Cuneo Mansion & Gardens. I am thrilled to be recognized by the GLMV Chamber, noted Sedrik. For more information on the GLMV Chamber of Commerce, visit www.glmvchamber.org, call 847-680-0750 or e-mail info@glmvchamber.org. To contact Sedrik Newbern and his Allstate agency, visit www.allstateagencies.com/snewbern, call 847-362-0099 or e-mail snewbern@allstate.com Flag as inappropriate How is this inappropriate Share this story Print Recommended stories Also on TribLocal Libertyville Top 10 Photos of the Week Feb. 2-8 Libertyville firefighters search for gun in Des Plaines River League of Women Voters to host 4 candidate forums, starting Sunday 1 to 3 inches of snow here, but much, much more in northwest Indiana Ditka son scores pretrial win in DUI case Advertisement Advertisement Nearby Lake Zurich Lincolnshire Mundelein Vernon Hills Photos Post photos Put a ring on it Mugs in the Burbs Cosmetic supply theft Top 10 Photos of the Week Feb. 2-8 David Adler Music and Arts Center Offers Art Instruction for Children Adults Top 10 photos of the week Jan. 26 to Feb. 1 2012 GLMV Winter Gala Cuneo Mansion & Gardens 1/28 2012 North Suburban Conference Wrestling Championships LHS See all galleries Subscribe to the Tribune Email newsletters TribLocal RSS feed Mobile alerts Send tips to triblocaltips@tribune.com or call 708 505-9504 Libertyville TribLocal staff Sheryl DeVore Community producer Amy Alderman TribLocal reporter Editorial staff Top stories on TribLocal TribLocal home | About us | Help | F.A.Q. | Contact us | Advertise with us | Sponsorships | Read our newspaper | Terms of service | Privacy policy')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00120', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Advertisement Sections Home , Calendar , News , Schools , Government , Crime , Sports , Report Cards , Player of the Month , Family , Special sections , More sections Arts Athlete of the Month Business Children and family Community service Contests Education Elections Entertainment Food and drink Health and fitness History Home and garden Library Nature Obituaries Opinion Other People Pets Photos of the week Player of the Month Politics and government Religion Report Cards Seasonal Seniors Shopping Teens Travel Uncategorized Volunteering Weather 17 Snow H 36 L 18 Full forecast skip to main content skip to main menu Post a story Schools From the community LHS Presents Winter Play, "Ring Round the Moon" By Community High School District 128 Yesterday at 10 12 a.m. Tweet Print The stage is set for this weekend\'s production of "Ring Round the Moon" at LHS. Libertyville High School will present its winter play, "Ring Round the Moon," on Feb. 10-11 at 7 30 p.m. at the Butler Lake Auditorium, 708 W. Park Ave., Libertyville. The play concerns two twins, a cold, manipulative playboy, Hugo, and his sensitive brother, Fr d ric. Fr d ric is madly in love with Diana, the spoiled daughter of a self-made millionaire. She herself wants Hugo, as his impenetrability teases her. In order to show Fr d ric that Diana is not worth his attentions, Hugo invites to a ball Isabelle, a lower-class dancer, whom he Pygmalion-like transforms into an aristocratic beauty. Running time for this production is 2 1/2 hours. Tickets are $4 for student/child and $5 for adults and may be purchased at the door or online at www.seatyourself.biz/lhs. Call 847-327-7058 for more details or to reserve tickets. Flag as inappropriate How is this inappropriate Share this story Print Recommended stories Also on TribLocal Libertyville Top 10 Photos of the Week Feb. 2-8 Libertyville firefighters search for gun in Des Plaines River League of Women Voters to host 4 candidate forums, starting Sunday 1 to 3 inches of snow here, but much, much more in northwest Indiana Ditka son scores pretrial win in DUI case Advertisement Advertisement Nearby Lake Zurich Lincolnshire Mundelein Vernon Hills Photos Post photos Put a ring on it Mugs in the Burbs Cosmetic supply theft Top 10 Photos of the Week Feb. 2-8 David Adler Music and Arts Center Offers Art Instruction for Children Adults Top 10 photos of the week Jan. 26 to Feb. 1 2012 GLMV Winter Gala Cuneo Mansion & Gardens 1/28 2012 North Suburban Conference Wrestling Championships LHS See all galleries Subscribe to the Tribune Email newsletters TribLocal RSS feed Mobile alerts Send tips to triblocaltips@tribune.com or call 708 505-9504 Libertyville TribLocal staff Sheryl DeVore Community producer Amy Alderman TribLocal reporter Editorial staff Top stories on TribLocal TribLocal home | About us | Help | F.A.Q. | Contact us | Advertise with us | Sponsorships | Read our newspaper | Terms of service | Privacy policy')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00122', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Advertisement 16 Cloudy H 34 L 17 Full forecast skip to main content skip to main menu Top 10 Photos of the Week Feb. 2-8 Boomers introduce Coop, the team\'s new mascot U-46 hosts special education resource fair Like playing with Legos There\'s a job for that TribLocal picks Love songs and not so in love songs Advertisement News Schools Government Crime Sports Family Business School Report Cards Special sections More sections Arts Community service Contests Crime Education Elections Entertainment Food and drink Government Health and fitness History Home and garden Nature Obituaries Opinion Other People Pets Photos of the week Religion Seasonal Seniors Shopping Teens Travel Uncategorized Volunteering Weather From the community Stories | Calendar | Photos | Classifieds Post a story Top stories Business Who Are The Top Home Service Providers in Your Town By TribLocal Marketing | Today at 2 33 p.m. Know a good plumber Let others know with TribLocal s Service Alley, the new home services marketplace website where you can find, evaluate, contact and share Read more Automotive From our advertisers Schaumburg Cadillac Dealership Recommends All Wheel Drive Systems for Winter Patrick Cadillac of Schaumburg recommends the comfort and safety of Cadillac\'s All Wheel Drive Systems for winter driving. Although AWD ... Read more See all auto announcements News Motorola CEO, Harper College have plan to fix job skills shortage Today at 11 52 a.m. The Daily Herald reports It seems illogical that, according to Harper College officials, the region s unemployment rate is holding steady at 9 percent and yet Read more Food and drink From the community Food Presentations Coming to Schaumburg Township District Library By Susan Miura | Tuesday at 10 36 a.m. Experience the many different ways of preparing crepes and quinoa this month at the Schaumburg Township District Library. A presentation will be held for each Read more Schools From the community St. Peter Lutheran School Spelling Bee By Cindy Oleson | Tuesday at 2 28 p.m. St. Peter Lutheran School, Schaumburg, recently held their annual spelling bee. Many students in grades 4-8 participated. Molly Hall was the winner with Christopher Veltkamp Read more Weather 1 to 3 inches of snow here, but much, much more in northwest Indiana Today at 7 11 a.m. The National Weather Service has downgraded its lake-effect snow warning for Cook and Will counties today, but says northwest Indiana is in danger of 6 Read more Weather Arctic front could bring half-foot of snow Yesterday at 2 33 p.m. An arctic cold front blowing across Lake Michigan could dump more than 6 inches of snow in some parts of the Chicago area Friday afternoon Read more Schools U-46 hosts special education resource fair By Kate Thayer | Yesterday at 1 44 p.m. For the second year, School District U-46 will offer a free Parents Resource Fair. The fair is offered by the Citizens Advisory Council and the Read more Uncategorized Charity of Choice Contest Nominations Now Open By TribLocal Marketing | Yesterday at 1 31 p.m. Nominations for season two of the popular TribLocal Charity of Choice Contest are now open. Nominate the local charitable group or organization that is making Read more Arts From the community Show off your singing talent at Schaumburg Idol auditions By Schaumburg Park District | Tuesday at 3 28 p.m. Can you out sing the contestants on "American Idol", "The Voice" or "The X-Factor " Make Schaumburg Park District s "Schaumburg Idol" your first step to singing Read more Schools Freedom museum travels to Elgin school By Kate Thayer | Yesterday at 10 40 a.m. Elgin students learned about freedoms, censorship and notable controversial debates Wednesday as part of a traveling museum that uses modern examples to educate students on Read more Older Stories Nearby Elk Grove Village Hoffman Estates Rolling Meadows Streamwood Photos Post photos Coop, the Boomer baseball team Mascot comes to town. Mugs in the Burbs Cosmetic supply theft Boomers introduce Coop, the team s new mascot Put a ring on it Top 10 Photos of the Week Feb. 2-8 Top 10 photos of the week Jan. 26 to Feb. 1 See all galleries Subscribe to the Tribune Email newsletters TribLocal RSS feed Mobile alerts For sale Near Schaumburg Post a classified Toro Snow Blower 3650 GTS With Electric Start 1 week, 3 days ago Arlington Heights, Il More for sale Post an event Calendar Friday, February 10 5th & 6th Grade Valentine\'s Day Blast Community Recreation Center Saturday, February 11 Genealogy Workshops Main Schaumburg Publice Library As Good as Gold, Golden Retriever Rescue of Northern Illinois Appears at Schaumburg Petco! Petco in Schaumburg State Rep Mussman\'s Student Financial Aid Application Completion Workshop Harper Professional Center Lynne Koplitz February 9th 12th The Improv See all events TribLocal on Twitter Heather Leszczewicz Community Producer @TribLocalHLesz 8 of Chicago\'s top drink-slingers compete for @ redeyechicago Best Bartender. Vote for your favorite here http //t.co/ghnMH4Kw RT @ stdl On Thurs. Feb. 9 at 2pm, the AV Dept will show the free movie,"Apollo 13". For all ages, under age 8 needs adult. #stdlav Two Stevenson High School students charged in drug investigation http //t.co/GCXXvCP2 #TribLocal @ mickswasko what\'s wrong with smh Arlington Heights signs off on prelimary approval for Sheraton redevelopment http //t.co/fXZgwbds #TribLocal Follow @TribLocalHLesz on Twitter Advertisement Send tips to triblocaltips@tribune.com or call 708 505-9504 Schaumburg TribLocal staff Heather Leszczewicz Community Producer Jim Jaworski TribLocal reporter Editorial staff Top stories on TribLocal TribLocal home | About us | Help | F.A.Q. | Contact us | Advertise with us | Sponsorships | Read our newspaper | Terms of service | Privacy policy')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00123', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Advertisement Sections Home , Calendar , News , Schools , Government , Crime , Sports , Family , Business , School Report Cards , Special sections , More sections Arts Community service Contests Crime Education Elections Entertainment Food and drink Government Health and fitness History Home and garden Nature Obituaries Opinion Other People Pets Photos of the week Religion Seasonal Seniors Shopping Teens Travel Uncategorized Volunteering Weather 17 Cloudy H 34 L 17 Full forecast skip to main content skip to main menu Post photos News galleries Boomers introduce Coop, the team s new mascot By Jim Jaworski TribLocal reporter Today at 6 00 a.m. The Schaumburg Boomers unveiled Coop, the new mascot for the independent baseball team, to a group of children, parents and elected officials Thursday afternoon. Coop is named after the Boomer, a male prairie chicken common in Illinois. The team brought out the new mascot at the Schaumburg Park District Community Recreation Center, where he stayed to sign autographs for children. The Boomers start their inaugural season May 25. Share this story Print Advertisement Previous photo 1 of 4 Next photo Previous Next Advertisement More from Jim Jaworski Legoland gets ready for Santa December 8, 2011 See all contributions from Jim Jaworski More News photos Winter s first big snowfall welcomed January 12, 2012 Would you pet that January 10, 2012 More from Schaumburg News Send tips to triblocaltips@tribune.com or call 708 505-9504 Schaumburg TribLocal staff Heather Leszczewicz Community Producer Jim Jaworski TribLocal reporter Editorial staff Top stories on TribLocal TribLocal home | About us | Help | F.A.Q. | Contact us | Advertise with us | Sponsorships | Read our newspaper | Terms of service | Privacy policy')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00125', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml lang "en" lang "en" xmlns p4k "http //pitchfork.com"> Pitchfork Twitter Facebook RSS Tumblr Pitchfork News Latest News Tours Reviews Tracks Features Interviews Articles Guest Lists Staff Lists Columns Rising Pitchfork.tv TV Music Videos Best New Music Best New Albums Best New Tracks Best New Reissues 8.0+ Reviews Festivals Pitchfork Music Festival Chicago Pitchfork Music Festival Paris Kill Screen Jay Reatard Documentary Better Than Something Announces First Theatrical Run Screening throughout the U.S. in March By Jenn Pelly on February 10, 2012 at 10 00 a.m. script class "social" type "text/javascript"> $ function p4k.widgets.social \'social-news45386\', \'Jay Reatard Documentary Better Than Something Announces First Theatrical Run | News | Pitchfork\', \'http //pitchfork.com/news/45386\\u002Djay\\u002Dreatard\\u002Ddocumentary\\u002Dbetter\\u002Dthan\\u002Dsomething\\u002Dannounces\\u002Dfirst\\u002Dtheatrical\\u002Drun/\' ; ; /script> After a solid run through the festival circuit in 2011, the Jay Reatard documentary Better Than Something has announced its first official string of screenings throughout the U.S. It premiers Friday, March 2 in Brooklyn, Memphis, Seattle, and Portland, Oregon. Directors Alex Hammond and Ian Markiewicz captured the late punk icon in his native Memphis just months before his tragic and unexpected passing in 2009. The film mixes interviews and concert footage with cin ma v rit . Additional screenings will be announced, with details posted on Facebook and Twitter . Watch the trailer after the dates 03-02 - 03-08 Brooklyn, NY - Nitehawk Cinema 03-02 - 03-08 Memphis, TN - Malco Studio on the Square 03-02 - 03-08 Seattle, WA - Grand Illusion Cinema 03-02 - 03-08 Portland, OR - Clinton Street Theater 03-03 - 03-05 Phoenix, AZ - FilmBar 03-08 - 03-11 Los Angeles, CA - Egyptian Theatre at the American Cinematheque 03-09- 03-10 Bellingham, WA - Pickford Film Center 03-15 Columbus, OH - Wexner Center for the Arts 03-26 Austin, TX - Alamo Drafthouse Ritz 04-11 - 04-12 San Francisco, CA - Roxie Theater Artists Jay Reatard Tagged Film , Jay Reatard , Video Previous Story Ty Segall to Release Two New Albums Including a collaboration with his touring band for In the Red Next Story Video Julia Holter "F r Felix" A horse on a beach Related Content img src "http //cdn3.pitchfork.com/features/7916/pagination.9eeacd90.jpg" /> Articles Jay Reatard In Memoriam Feature img src "http //cdn3.pitchfork.com/features/7885/pagination.23ddc8b6.jpg" /> Articles The Top 40 Artist Twitters Feature img src "http //cdn.pitchfork.com/features/7758/pagination.138208af.jpg" /> Articles Jay Reatard Live Feature img src "http //cdn4.pitchfork.com/features/7706/p2k-albums.gif" /> Staff Lists The Top 200 Albums of the 2000s 200-151 Feature Top Stories Listen to Sharon Van Etten on NPR\'s World Cafe Live, Watch Her Perform in Paris Nguzunguzu Announce Tour With Salva Cut Copy\'s Ben Browning Announces Solo EP Wolf Parade\'s Spencer Krug Announces New Moonface Album Watch Chairlift Cover Beyonc With Das Racist\'s Kool A.D. Video Bruce Springsteen "We Take Care of Our Own" Listen to a New Solo Track From Jack White, "Machine Gun Silhouette" Chocolate Industries to Issue Electronic Soul Comp Ty Segall to Release Two New Albums Video Julia Holter "F r Felix" Most Read News 7 Days 30 Days 90 Days img src "http //cdn.pitchfork.com/news/45321/homepage_header.5d64092d.jpg" /> Bon Iver Turned Down Playing the Grammys, "We Kind of Said \'Fuck You\' a Little Bit" February 3, 2012 at 10 30 a.m. img src "http //cdn.pitchfork.com/news/45331/homepage_header.482c5e5a.jpg" /> Watch M.I.A. Gives the Super Bowl the Finger February 5, 2012 at 11 19 p.m. img src "http //cdn3.pitchfork.com/news/45326/homepage_header.c426ab8f.jpg" /> Watch Bon Iver Performs, Lana Del Rey Gets Impersonated on "Saturday Night Live" February 5, 2012 at 01 03 a.m. img src "http //cdn.pitchfork.com/news/45346/homepage_header.482c5e5a.jpg" /> M.I.A. Will Potentially Pay Fine for Super Bowl Finger February 6, 2012 at 02 53 p.m. img src "http //cdn4.pitchfork.com/news/45342/homepage_header.5d64092d.jpg" /> Bon Iver Announce Spring Tour February 6, 2012 at 12 22 p.m. img src "http //cdn.pitchfork.com/news/45317/Screen shot 2012-02-02 at 11.15.30 PM.png" /> Sasquatch Festival Announces Lineup February 3, 2012 at 12 05 a.m. img src "http //cdn4.pitchfork.com/news/45357/homepage_header.d7f15e43.jpg" /> Metallica Pick Best Coast, Modest Mouse, Fucked Up, Titus Andronicus for Their Festival February 7, 2012 at 01 28 p.m. img src "http //cdn.pitchfork.com/news/45327/homepage_header.7ba5d7e9.jpg" /> Watch St. Vincent and Modest Mouse\'s Isaac Brock Guest Star on Last Night\'s "Portlandia" February 4, 2012 at 11 25 a.m. img src "http //cdn3.pitchfork.com/news/45358/homepage_header.f1b773b4.jpg" /> Lana Del Rey Denies Tour Cancellation Rumors February 7, 2012 at 02 55 p.m. img src "http //cdn4.pitchfork.com/news/45341/homepage_header.e52b7709.jpg" /> The Shins Share New Song, U.S. Tour Dates February 6, 2012 at 12 35 p.m. img src "http //cdn.pitchfork.com/news/45193/homepage_header.header.jpg" /> Disney Is Selling a Joy Division Mickey Mouse Shirt January 23, 2012 at 12 50 p.m. img src "http //cdn4.pitchfork.com/news/45266/jack319.jpg" /> Jack White Announces Solo Album January 30, 2012 at 11 48 a.m. img src "http //cdn.pitchfork.com/news/45321/homepage_header.5d64092d.jpg" /> Bon Iver Turned Down Playing the Grammys, "We Kind of Said \'Fuck You\' a Little Bit" February 3, 2012 at 10 30 a.m. img src "http //cdn.pitchfork.com/news/45095/homepage_header.53e186dc.jpg" /> New Die Antwoord "I Fink U Freeky" January 17, 2012 at 09 00 a.m. img src "http //cdn3.pitchfork.com/news/45092/homepage_header.a733a7c9.jpg" /> Watch Lana Del Rey\'s Performances on Tonight\'s "Saturday Night Live" January 15, 2012 at 12 07 a.m. img src "http //cdn.pitchfork.com/news/45229/homepage_header.3e26f295.jpg" /> R.I.P. Joy Divison Mickey Mouse Shirt January 25, 2012 at 04 10 p.m. img src "http //cdn.pitchfork.com/news/45331/homepage_header.482c5e5a.jpg" /> Watch M.I.A. Gives the Super Bowl the Finger February 5, 2012 at 11 19 p.m. img src "http //cdn.pitchfork.com/news/45258/mia319.jpg" /> Premiere M.I.A. "Bad Girls" January 30, 2012 at 09 00 a.m. img src "http //cdn3.pitchfork.com/news/45157/hp_header.jpg" /> No Age Accuse Kings of Leon of Ripping Off Their Rainbow Logo on T-Shirts January 19, 2012 at 10 22 a.m. img src "http //cdn3.pitchfork.com/news/45326/homepage_header.c426ab8f.jpg" /> Watch Bon Iver Performs, Lana Del Rey Gets Impersonated on "Saturday Night Live" February 5, 2012 at 01 03 a.m. img src "http //cdn3.pitchfork.com/news/44843/homepage_header.cca76aab.jpg" /> Video Trent Reznor and Karen O Cover Led Zeppelin\'s "Immigrant Song" December 10, 2011 at 11 03 a.m. img src "http //cdn.pitchfork.com/news/45193/homepage_header.header.jpg" /> Disney Is Selling a Joy Division Mickey Mouse Shirt January 23, 2012 at 12 50 p.m. img src "http //cdn4.pitchfork.com/news/45266/jack319.jpg" /> Jack White Announces Solo Album January 30, 2012 at 11 48 a.m. img src "http //cdn4.pitchfork.com/news/44978/homepage_header.b6668743.jpg" /> Coachella Announces Lineup January 9, 2012 at 05 58 p.m. img src "http //cdn3.pitchfork.com/news/44769/homepage_header.c2dd7f8d.jpg" /> Watch "Girl Walk", a Dance Video Set to the Entirety of Girl Talk\'s All Day Album November 30, 2011 at 02 15 p.m. img src "http //cdn.pitchfork.com/news/45321/homepage_header.5d64092d.jpg" /> Bon Iver Turned Down Playing the Grammys, "We Kind of Said \'Fuck You\' a Little Bit" February 3, 2012 at 10 30 a.m. img src "http //cdn2.pitchfork.com/news/44962/homepage_header.58cb1668.jpg" /> Pitchfork Guide to Upcoming Releases January 2, 2012 at 09 14 a.m. img src "http //cdn4.pitchfork.com/news/44768/homepage_header.8933ea2d.jpg" /> The 2011 Pitchfork Readers Poll December 5, 2011 at 01 30 p.m. img src "http //cdn4.pitchfork.com/news/44703/hp_header.jpg" /> Sonic Youth, tUnE-yArDs, Fugazi, Lou Reed, Talib Kweli Join Occupy Musicians November 22, 2011 at 11 26 a.m. img src "http //cdn.pitchfork.com/news/45095/homepage_header.53e186dc.jpg" /> New Die Antwoord "I Fink U Freeky" January 17, 2012 at 09 00 a.m. Latest Tracks img src "http //cdn2.pitchfork.com/tracks/13141/list.a5566b04.jpg" /> Domo Genesis Ground Up [ft. Wiz Khalifa] img src "http //cdn2.pitchfork.com/tracks/13138/list.82f0ed78.jpg" /> Earl Sweatshirt "Home" img src "http //cdn3.pitchfork.com/tracks/13120/list.9a7124b7.jpg" /> Earth Angels Of Darkness, Demons Of Light II Sheefy McFly Hilfigger [ft. Boldy James] Unsane "No Chance" Dana Buoy "Call to Be" Battles "White Electric Shabazz Palaces Remix " Dream Continuum "B Free" Mac DeMarco "I\'m a Man" K-Holes "Rats" Pitchfork 2011 Pitchfork Media Inc. All rights reserved. Reviews Albums Tracks News Interviews Photos New Releases Tours Audio Video WTF Echo Chamber Features Interviews Articles Guest Lists Staff Lists Columns Pitchfork.tv TV Music Videos Best New Music Best New Albums Best New Tracks Best New Reissues 8.0+ Reviews More Info RSS Privacy Policy Terms of Use Jobs Advertising Staff Contact')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00126', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml lang "en" lang "en" xmlns p4k "http //pitchfork.com"> Pitchfork Twitter Facebook RSS Tumblr Pitchfork News Latest News Tours Reviews Tracks Features Interviews Articles Guest Lists Staff Lists Columns Rising Pitchfork.tv TV Music Videos Best New Music Best New Albums Best New Tracks Best New Reissues 8.0+ Reviews Festivals Pitchfork Music Festival Chicago Pitchfork Music Festival Paris Kill Screen Jay Reatard Documentary Better Than Something Announces First Theatrical Run Screening throughout the U.S. in March By Jenn Pelly on February 10, 2012 at 10 00 a.m. script class "social" type "text/javascript"> $ function p4k.widgets.social \'social-news45386\', \'Jay Reatard Documentary Better Than Something Announces First Theatrical Run | News | Pitchfork\', \'http //pitchfork.com/news/45386\\u002Djay\\u002Dreatard\\u002Ddocumentary\\u002Dbetter\\u002Dthan\\u002Dsomething\\u002Dannounces\\u002Dfirst\\u002Dtheatrical\\u002Drun/\' ; ; /script> After a solid run through the festival circuit in 2011, the Jay Reatard documentary Better Than Something has announced its first official string of screenings throughout the U.S. It premiers Friday, March 2 in Brooklyn, Memphis, Seattle, and Portland, Oregon. Directors Alex Hammond and Ian Markiewicz captured the late punk icon in his native Memphis just months before his tragic and unexpected passing in 2009. The film mixes interviews and concert footage with cin ma v rit . Additional screenings will be announced, with details posted on Facebook and Twitter . Watch the trailer after the dates 03-02 - 03-08 Brooklyn, NY - Nitehawk Cinema 03-02 - 03-08 Memphis, TN - Malco Studio on the Square 03-02 - 03-08 Seattle, WA - Grand Illusion Cinema 03-02 - 03-08 Portland, OR - Clinton Street Theater 03-03 - 03-05 Phoenix, AZ - FilmBar 03-08 - 03-11 Los Angeles, CA - Egyptian Theatre at the American Cinematheque 03-09- 03-10 Bellingham, WA - Pickford Film Center 03-15 Columbus, OH - Wexner Center for the Arts 03-26 Austin, TX - Alamo Drafthouse Ritz 04-11 - 04-12 San Francisco, CA - Roxie Theater Artists Jay Reatard Tagged Film , Jay Reatard , Video Previous Story Ty Segall to Release Two New Albums Including a collaboration with his touring band for In the Red Next Story Video Julia Holter "F r Felix" A horse on a beach Related Content img src "http //cdn3.pitchfork.com/features/7916/pagination.9eeacd90.jpg" /> Articles Jay Reatard In Memoriam Feature img src "http //cdn3.pitchfork.com/features/7885/pagination.23ddc8b6.jpg" /> Articles The Top 40 Artist Twitters Feature img src "http //cdn.pitchfork.com/features/7758/pagination.138208af.jpg" /> Articles Jay Reatard Live Feature img src "http //cdn4.pitchfork.com/features/7706/p2k-albums.gif" /> Staff Lists The Top 200 Albums of the 2000s 200-151 Feature Top Stories Listen Drake Joins Andr 3000 and Jay-Z on "I Do" Listen to Sharon Van Etten on NPR\'s World Cafe Live, Watch Her Perform in Paris Nguzunguzu Announce Tour With Salva Cut Copy\'s Ben Browning Announces Solo EP Wolf Parade\'s Spencer Krug Announces New Moonface Album Watch Chairlift Cover Beyonc With Das Racist\'s Kool A.D. Video Bruce Springsteen "We Take Care of Our Own" Listen to a New Solo Track From Jack White, "Machine Gun Silhouette" Ty Segall to Release Two New Albums Video Julia Holter "F r Felix" Most Read News 7 Days 30 Days 90 Days img src "http //cdn.pitchfork.com/news/45321/homepage_header.5d64092d.jpg" /> Bon Iver Turned Down Playing the Grammys, "We Kind of Said \'Fuck You\' a Little Bit" February 3, 2012 at 10 30 a.m. img src "http //cdn.pitchfork.com/news/45331/homepage_header.482c5e5a.jpg" /> Watch M.I.A. Gives the Super Bowl the Finger February 5, 2012 at 11 19 p.m. img src "http //cdn3.pitchfork.com/news/45326/homepage_header.c426ab8f.jpg" /> Watch Bon Iver Performs, Lana Del Rey Gets Impersonated on "Saturday Night Live" February 5, 2012 at 01 03 a.m. img src "http //cdn.pitchfork.com/news/45346/homepage_header.482c5e5a.jpg" /> M.I.A. Will Potentially Pay Fine for Super Bowl Finger February 6, 2012 at 02 53 p.m. img src "http //cdn4.pitchfork.com/news/45342/homepage_header.5d64092d.jpg" /> Bon Iver Announce Spring Tour February 6, 2012 at 12 22 p.m. img src "http //cdn.pitchfork.com/news/45317/Screen shot 2012-02-02 at 11.15.30 PM.png" /> Sasquatch Festival Announces Lineup February 3, 2012 at 12 05 a.m. img src "http //cdn4.pitchfork.com/news/45357/homepage_header.d7f15e43.jpg" /> Metallica Pick Best Coast, Modest Mouse, Fucked Up, Titus Andronicus for Their Festival February 7, 2012 at 01 28 p.m. img src "http //cdn.pitchfork.com/news/45327/homepage_header.7ba5d7e9.jpg" /> Watch St. Vincent and Modest Mouse\'s Isaac Brock Guest Star on Last Night\'s "Portlandia" February 4, 2012 at 11 25 a.m. img src "http //cdn3.pitchfork.com/news/45358/homepage_header.f1b773b4.jpg" /> Lana Del Rey Denies Tour Cancellation Rumors February 7, 2012 at 02 55 p.m. img src "http //cdn4.pitchfork.com/news/45341/homepage_header.e52b7709.jpg" /> The Shins Share New Song, U.S. Tour Dates February 6, 2012 at 12 35 p.m. img src "http //cdn.pitchfork.com/news/45193/homepage_header.header.jpg" /> Disney Is Selling a Joy Division Mickey Mouse Shirt January 23, 2012 at 12 50 p.m. img src "http //cdn4.pitchfork.com/news/45266/jack319.jpg" /> Jack White Announces Solo Album January 30, 2012 at 11 48 a.m. img src "http //cdn.pitchfork.com/news/45321/homepage_header.5d64092d.jpg" /> Bon Iver Turned Down Playing the Grammys, "We Kind of Said \'Fuck You\' a Little Bit" February 3, 2012 at 10 30 a.m. img src "http //cdn.pitchfork.com/news/45095/homepage_header.53e186dc.jpg" /> New Die Antwoord "I Fink U Freeky" January 17, 2012 at 09 00 a.m. img src "http //cdn3.pitchfork.com/news/45092/homepage_header.a733a7c9.jpg" /> Watch Lana Del Rey\'s Performances on Tonight\'s "Saturday Night Live" January 15, 2012 at 12 07 a.m. img src "http //cdn.pitchfork.com/news/45229/homepage_header.3e26f295.jpg" /> R.I.P. Joy Divison Mickey Mouse Shirt January 25, 2012 at 04 10 p.m. img src "http //cdn.pitchfork.com/news/45331/homepage_header.482c5e5a.jpg" /> Watch M.I.A. Gives the Super Bowl the Finger February 5, 2012 at 11 19 p.m. img src "http //cdn.pitchfork.com/news/45258/mia319.jpg" /> Premiere M.I.A. "Bad Girls" January 30, 2012 at 09 00 a.m. img src "http //cdn3.pitchfork.com/news/45157/hp_header.jpg" /> No Age Accuse Kings of Leon of Ripping Off Their Rainbow Logo on T-Shirts January 19, 2012 at 10 22 a.m. img src "http //cdn3.pitchfork.com/news/45326/homepage_header.c426ab8f.jpg" /> Watch Bon Iver Performs, Lana Del Rey Gets Impersonated on "Saturday Night Live" February 5, 2012 at 01 03 a.m. img src "http //cdn3.pitchfork.com/news/44843/homepage_header.cca76aab.jpg" /> Video Trent Reznor and Karen O Cover Led Zeppelin\'s "Immigrant Song" December 10, 2011 at 11 03 a.m. img src "http //cdn.pitchfork.com/news/45193/homepage_header.header.jpg" /> Disney Is Selling a Joy Division Mickey Mouse Shirt January 23, 2012 at 12 50 p.m. img src "http //cdn4.pitchfork.com/news/45266/jack319.jpg" /> Jack White Announces Solo Album January 30, 2012 at 11 48 a.m. img src "http //cdn4.pitchfork.com/news/44978/homepage_header.b6668743.jpg" /> Coachella Announces Lineup January 9, 2012 at 05 58 p.m. img src "http //cdn3.pitchfork.com/news/44769/homepage_header.c2dd7f8d.jpg" /> Watch "Girl Walk", a Dance Video Set to the Entirety of Girl Talk\'s All Day Album November 30, 2011 at 02 15 p.m. img src "http //cdn.pitchfork.com/news/45321/homepage_header.5d64092d.jpg" /> Bon Iver Turned Down Playing the Grammys, "We Kind of Said \'Fuck You\' a Little Bit" February 3, 2012 at 10 30 a.m. img src "http //cdn2.pitchfork.com/news/44962/homepage_header.58cb1668.jpg" /> Pitchfork Guide to Upcoming Releases January 2, 2012 at 09 14 a.m. img src "http //cdn4.pitchfork.com/news/44768/homepage_header.8933ea2d.jpg" /> The 2011 Pitchfork Readers Poll December 5, 2011 at 01 30 p.m. img src "http //cdn4.pitchfork.com/news/44703/hp_header.jpg" /> Sonic Youth, tUnE-yArDs, Fugazi, Lou Reed, Talib Kweli Join Occupy Musicians November 22, 2011 at 11 26 a.m. img src "http //cdn.pitchfork.com/news/45095/homepage_header.53e186dc.jpg" /> New Die Antwoord "I Fink U Freeky" January 17, 2012 at 09 00 a.m. Latest Tracks img src "http //cdn2.pitchfork.com/tracks/13141/list.a5566b04.jpg" /> Domo Genesis Ground Up [ft. Wiz Khalifa] img src "http //cdn2.pitchfork.com/tracks/13138/list.82f0ed78.jpg" /> Earl Sweatshirt "Home" img src "http //cdn3.pitchfork.com/tracks/13120/list.9a7124b7.jpg" /> Earth Angels Of Darkness, Demons Of Light II Sheefy McFly Hilfigger [ft. Boldy James] Unsane "No Chance" Dana Buoy "Call to Be" Battles "White Electric Shabazz Palaces Remix " Dream Continuum "B Free" Mac DeMarco "I\'m a Man" K-Holes "Rats" Pitchfork 2011 Pitchfork Media Inc. All rights reserved. Reviews Albums Tracks News Interviews Photos New Releases Tours Audio Video WTF Echo Chamber Features Interviews Articles Guest Lists Staff Lists Columns Pitchfork.tv TV Music Videos Best New Music Best New Albums Best New Tracks Best New Reissues 8.0+ Reviews More Info RSS Privacy Policy Terms of Use Jobs Advertising Staff Contact')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00127', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml lang "en" lang "en" xmlns p4k "http //pitchfork.com"> Pitchfork Twitter Facebook RSS Tumblr Pitchfork News Latest News Tours Reviews Tracks Features Interviews Articles Guest Lists Staff Lists Columns Rising Pitchfork.tv TV Music Videos Best New Music Best New Albums Best New Tracks Best New Reissues 8.0+ Reviews Festivals Pitchfork Music Festival Chicago Pitchfork Music Festival Paris Kill Screen Ty Segall to Release Two New Albums Including a collaboration with his touring band for In the Red By Jenn Pelly on February 10, 2012 at 09 51 a.m. script class "social" type "text/javascript"> $ function p4k.widgets.social \'social-news45389\', \'Ty Segall to Release Two New Albums | News | Pitchfork\', \'http //pitchfork.com/news/45389\\u002Dty\\u002Dsegall\\u002Dto\\u002Drelease\\u002Dtwo\\u002Dnew\\u002Dalbums/\' ; ; /script> Photo by Charles Taylor Bergquist In a recent interview with the Dartmouth College blog Dartbeat , Ty Segall said he will release two new albums within the next six months, in addition to his upcoming collaboration with White Fence . Thanks to Robert Szypko for the tip. Segall says the first LP will be "a mini LP" for In the Red , collecting eight songs written and recorded with his touring band. Of the record, he said, "The live band is so much different than me recording stuff on my own, it\'s a lot harder and louder." The other album will, as usual, be written and recorded by Segall on his own, and will be released via Drag City . Of his previously reported collaboration with White Fence, titled Hair and also forthcoming from Drag City, Segall said, "It doesn\'t really sound like either one of us. It\'s kinda like starting a new band." He added, "It sounds a bit more drug influenced, a bit more psychedelic and weird." Watch Ty Segall\'s slightly NSFW video for "Goodbye Bread" Artists Ty Segall Tagged New Releases , Ty Segall Previous Story Video Bruce Springsteen "We Take Care of Our Own" Complete with lyrics for you to sing along Next Story Jay Reatard Documentary Better Than Something Announces First Theatrical Run Screening throughout the U.S. in March Related Content img src "http //cdn3.pitchfork.com/features/8735/EOY_150x150_Guest.jpg" /> Guest Lists Guest List Best of 2011 Artists submit their 2011 Best Ofs-- from albums and songs lists to Favorite Chinatowns and Things Not to Do on Tour. Feature img src "http //cdn.pitchfork.com/features/8727/EOY_150x150_Top50.jpg" /> Staff Lists The Top 50 Albums of 2011 We count down our favorite records of the year. Feature img src "http //cdn3.pitchfork.com/features/8730/EOY_150x150_honorable.jpg" /> Staff Lists Albums of the Year Honorable Mention Twenty albums that didn\'t make our Top 50 but deserve another listen. Feature img src "http //cdn2.pitchfork.com/features/8726/EOY_150x150_tracks.jpg" /> Staff Lists The Top 100 Tracks of 2011 Our list of the best songs of the year. Feature Top Stories Listen to Sharon Van Etten on NPR\'s World Cafe Live, Watch Her Perform in Paris Nguzunguzu Announce Tour With Salva Cut Copy\'s Ben Browning Announces Solo EP Wolf Parade\'s Spencer Krug Announces New Moonface Album Watch Chairlift Cover Beyonc With Das Racist\'s Kool A.D. Video Julia Holter "F r Felix" Listen to a New Solo Track From Jack White, "Machine Gun Silhouette" Chocolate Industries to Issue Electronic Soul Comp Video Bruce Springsteen "We Take C ... Jay Reatard Documentary Better Than ... Most Read News 7 Days 30 Days 90 Days img src "http //cdn.pitchfork.com/news/45321/homepage_header.5d64092d.jpg" /> Bon Iver Turned Down Playing the Grammys, "We Kind of Said \'Fuck You\' a Little Bit" February 3, 2012 at 10 30 a.m. img src "http //cdn.pitchfork.com/news/45331/homepage_header.482c5e5a.jpg" /> Watch M.I.A. Gives the Super Bowl the Finger February 5, 2012 at 11 19 p.m. img src "http //cdn3.pitchfork.com/news/45326/homepage_header.c426ab8f.jpg" /> Watch Bon Iver Performs, Lana Del Rey Gets Impersonated on "Saturday Night Live" February 5, 2012 at 01 03 a.m. img src "http //cdn.pitchfork.com/news/45346/homepage_header.482c5e5a.jpg" /> M.I.A. Will Potentially Pay Fine for Super Bowl Finger February 6, 2012 at 02 53 p.m. img src "http //cdn4.pitchfork.com/news/45342/homepage_header.5d64092d.jpg" /> Bon Iver Announce Spring Tour February 6, 2012 at 12 22 p.m. img src "http //cdn.pitchfork.com/news/45317/Screen shot 2012-02-02 at 11.15.30 PM.png" /> Sasquatch Festival Announces Lineup February 3, 2012 at 12 05 a.m. img src "http //cdn4.pitchfork.com/news/45357/homepage_header.d7f15e43.jpg" /> Metallica Pick Best Coast, Modest Mouse, Fucked Up, Titus Andronicus for Their Festival February 7, 2012 at 01 28 p.m. img src "http //cdn.pitchfork.com/news/45327/homepage_header.7ba5d7e9.jpg" /> Watch St. Vincent and Modest Mouse\'s Isaac Brock Guest Star on Last Night\'s "Portlandia" February 4, 2012 at 11 25 a.m. img src "http //cdn3.pitchfork.com/news/45358/homepage_header.f1b773b4.jpg" /> Lana Del Rey Denies Tour Cancellation Rumors February 7, 2012 at 02 55 p.m. img src "http //cdn4.pitchfork.com/news/45341/homepage_header.e52b7709.jpg" /> The Shins Share New Song, U.S. Tour Dates February 6, 2012 at 12 35 p.m. img src "http //cdn.pitchfork.com/news/45193/homepage_header.header.jpg" /> Disney Is Selling a Joy Division Mickey Mouse Shirt January 23, 2012 at 12 50 p.m. img src "http //cdn4.pitchfork.com/news/45266/jack319.jpg" /> Jack White Announces Solo Album January 30, 2012 at 11 48 a.m. img src "http //cdn.pitchfork.com/news/45321/homepage_header.5d64092d.jpg" /> Bon Iver Turned Down Playing the Grammys, "We Kind of Said \'Fuck You\' a Little Bit" February 3, 2012 at 10 30 a.m. img src "http //cdn.pitchfork.com/news/45095/homepage_header.53e186dc.jpg" /> New Die Antwoord "I Fink U Freeky" January 17, 2012 at 09 00 a.m. img src "http //cdn3.pitchfork.com/news/45092/homepage_header.a733a7c9.jpg" /> Watch Lana Del Rey\'s Performances on Tonight\'s "Saturday Night Live" January 15, 2012 at 12 07 a.m. img src "http //cdn.pitchfork.com/news/45229/homepage_header.3e26f295.jpg" /> R.I.P. Joy Divison Mickey Mouse Shirt January 25, 2012 at 04 10 p.m. img src "http //cdn.pitchfork.com/news/45331/homepage_header.482c5e5a.jpg" /> Watch M.I.A. Gives the Super Bowl the Finger February 5, 2012 at 11 19 p.m. img src "http //cdn.pitchfork.com/news/45258/mia319.jpg" /> Premiere M.I.A. "Bad Girls" January 30, 2012 at 09 00 a.m. img src "http //cdn3.pitchfork.com/news/45157/hp_header.jpg" /> No Age Accuse Kings of Leon of Ripping Off Their Rainbow Logo on T-Shirts January 19, 2012 at 10 22 a.m. img src "http //cdn3.pitchfork.com/news/45326/homepage_header.c426ab8f.jpg" /> Watch Bon Iver Performs, Lana Del Rey Gets Impersonated on "Saturday Night Live" February 5, 2012 at 01 03 a.m. img src "http //cdn3.pitchfork.com/news/44843/homepage_header.cca76aab.jpg" /> Video Trent Reznor and Karen O Cover Led Zeppelin\'s "Immigrant Song" December 10, 2011 at 11 03 a.m. img src "http //cdn.pitchfork.com/news/45193/homepage_header.header.jpg" /> Disney Is Selling a Joy Division Mickey Mouse Shirt January 23, 2012 at 12 50 p.m. img src "http //cdn4.pitchfork.com/news/45266/jack319.jpg" /> Jack White Announces Solo Album January 30, 2012 at 11 48 a.m. img src "http //cdn4.pitchfork.com/news/44978/homepage_header.b6668743.jpg" /> Coachella Announces Lineup January 9, 2012 at 05 58 p.m. img src "http //cdn3.pitchfork.com/news/44769/homepage_header.c2dd7f8d.jpg" /> Watch "Girl Walk", a Dance Video Set to the Entirety of Girl Talk\'s All Day Album November 30, 2011 at 02 15 p.m. img src "http //cdn.pitchfork.com/news/45321/homepage_header.5d64092d.jpg" /> Bon Iver Turned Down Playing the Grammys, "We Kind of Said \'Fuck You\' a Little Bit" February 3, 2012 at 10 30 a.m. img src "http //cdn2.pitchfork.com/news/44962/homepage_header.58cb1668.jpg" /> Pitchfork Guide to Upcoming Releases January 2, 2012 at 09 14 a.m. img src "http //cdn4.pitchfork.com/news/44768/homepage_header.8933ea2d.jpg" /> The 2011 Pitchfork Readers Poll December 5, 2011 at 01 30 p.m. img src "http //cdn4.pitchfork.com/news/44703/hp_header.jpg" /> Sonic Youth, tUnE-yArDs, Fugazi, Lou Reed, Talib Kweli Join Occupy Musicians November 22, 2011 at 11 26 a.m. img src "http //cdn.pitchfork.com/news/45095/homepage_header.53e186dc.jpg" /> New Die Antwoord "I Fink U Freeky" January 17, 2012 at 09 00 a.m. Latest Tracks img src "http //cdn2.pitchfork.com/tracks/13141/list.a5566b04.jpg" /> Domo Genesis Ground Up [ft. Wiz Khalifa] img src "http //cdn2.pitchfork.com/tracks/13138/list.82f0ed78.jpg" /> Earl Sweatshirt "Home" img src "http //cdn3.pitchfork.com/tracks/13120/list.9a7124b7.jpg" /> Earth Angels Of Darkness, Demons Of Light II Sheefy McFly Hilfigger [ft. Boldy James] Unsane "No Chance" Dana Buoy "Call to Be" Battles "White Electric Shabazz Palaces Remix " Dream Continuum "B Free" Mac DeMarco "I\'m a Man" K-Holes "Rats" Pitchfork 2011 Pitchfork Media Inc. All rights reserved. Reviews Albums Tracks News Interviews Photos New Releases Tours Audio Video WTF Echo Chamber Features Interviews Articles Guest Lists Staff Lists Columns Pitchfork.tv TV Music Videos Best New Music Best New Albums Best New Tracks Best New Reissues 8.0+ Reviews More Info RSS Privacy Policy Terms of Use Jobs Advertising Staff Contact')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00128', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml lang "en" lang "en" xmlns p4k "http //pitchfork.com"> Pitchfork Twitter Facebook RSS Tumblr Pitchfork News Latest News Tours Reviews Tracks Features Interviews Articles Guest Lists Staff Lists Columns Rising Pitchfork.tv TV Music Videos Best New Music Best New Albums Best New Tracks Best New Reissues 8.0+ Reviews Festivals Pitchfork Music Festival Chicago Pitchfork Music Festival Paris Kill Screen Fucked Up Year of the Tiger Matador; 2012 By Douglas Wolk ; February 10, 2012 7.5 Artists Fucked Up Find it at Insound Vinyl eMusic Amazon MP3 & CD script class "social" type "text/javascript"> $ function p4k.widgets.social \'social-reviewsalbums16267\', \'Fucked Up Year of the Tiger | Album Reviews | Pitchfork\', \'http //pitchfork.com/reviews/albums/16267\\u002Dfucked\\u002Dup\\u002Dyear\\u002Dof\\u002Dthe\\u002Dtiger/\' ; ; /script> Total running time of Year of the Tiger 37 35. Total running time of the Ramones\' debut album 29 04. Total running time of Nick Drake\'s Pink Moon 28 22. Total running time of Fela Kuti\'s Expensive Shit 24 13. Let\'s call this an album, OK In any case, Fucked Up have been releasing long songs for each year of the Chinese Zodiac since 2006, although they\'re running a little behind at the moment. The Year of the Tiger ended in February 2011; we\'ve passed through the Rabbit Year and are now in the Dragon Year. Year of the Tiger is a pair of tracks that have been around for a while-- the band claimed to have finished the title song almost two years ago . It\'s the first music we\'ve heard from the band in a while that doesn\'t have some formal connection to their David Comes to Life project. "Year of the Tiger" itself is a 15-minute song with a very long lyric apparently by guitarist Mike Haliechuk about an aging tiger approaching his death. Fucked Up\'s lead bellower Damian Abraham gets most of the words to himself, although he\'s also got some support former Del-Byzanteens singer/keyboardist Jim Jarmusch -- yes, fine, he\'s a director, too-- intones a few verses, and either Annie-Claude Desch nes of Duchess Says or Katie Stelmanis of Austra or both add the pretty hey-I-can-actually-sing vocals that FU have been using for contrast with Abraham\'s voice over the past few years. The marvelous thing about "Year of the Tiger" is that it\'s actually a fully constructed song, not a vamp-with-solos or a chain of vaguely related pieces segued together; it builds and builds and builds, with one new riff after another uncoiling itself and wrapping around the pillar of all the others. It\'s bombastic as hell, of course-- the keyboard part is the closest Fucked Up have ever come to Meat Loaf-- but this is the product of a band that thinks big . The song\'s weak point is its lyrics, which have lots of sharply observed images "his castle of gristle and bone" , but also too many passages with dodgy or overwrought diction "that deathly coddle of light" . Abraham\'s guttural howl is a great equalizer of lyrics, but the sung sections reveal the words\' awkwardness Lines such as, "Light drips like paint from heaven/ A shining pall on the horizon," are easier to get away with screamed than chirped. Fucked Up\'s blog describes the second side of Year of the Tiger , "Onno", as "a weird rager," which is about right. It appears to be a full-on 22-minute instrumental palindrome, a pyramidal stack of drones and riffs with a crashing forward-and-backward beat-- the closest thing they\'ve ever produced to Melvins \' more extreme recordings, or to H sker D \'s "Dreams Reoccurring" . For a "studio experiment," it\'s exceptionally listenable Again, this band is great at arrangements, and every five-second segment of this record sounds almost but not quite like the one next to it. If it were in a movie soundtrack, it\'d have to be in a sequence with a violently strobing red light. It\'s too much, too much, too much-- exactly what we rely on Fucked Up for, that is. Who would ask for anything less Previous Review Die Antwoord - Ten$ion Next Review Young Magic - Melt Related Content img src "http //cdn.pitchfork.com/tracks/13074/list.c4f9cf79.jpg" /> Fucked Up Fucked Up Chinese Zodiac Singles Track img src "http //cdn4.pitchfork.com/features/8732/EOY_150x150_News.jpg" /> Staff Lists The Year in News 2011 The ups and downs, triumphs and tragedies, breakups and reunions, scandals and breakthroughs of 2011 Feature img src "http //cdn.pitchfork.com/features/8727/EOY_150x150_Top50.jpg" /> Staff Lists The Top 50 Albums of 2011 We count down our favorite records of the year. Feature img src "http //cdn2.pitchfork.com/features/8726/EOY_150x150_tracks.jpg" /> Staff Lists The Top 100 Tracks of 2011 Our list of the best songs of the year. Feature More Album Reviews from February 10, 2012 img src "http //cdn.pitchfork.com/albums/17433/list.4a25843f.jpg" /> Imbogodom And They Turned Not When They Went by Emilie Friedlander img src "http //cdn.pitchfork.com/albums/17432/list.a57da6fa.jpg" /> Terranova Hotel Amour by Nick Neyland img src "http //cdn.pitchfork.com/albums/17383/list.ee8898f6.jpg" /> Young Magic Melt by Ian Cohen img src "http //cdn.pitchfork.com/albums/17429/list.9b34bb44.jpg" /> Die Antwoord Ten$ion by Andrew Ryce Die Antwoord Young Magic Most Read Album Reviews 7 Days 30 Days 90 Days img src "http //cdn.pitchfork.com/albums/17408/homepage_large.822e6471.jpg" /> Of Montreal Paralytic Stalks By Larry Fitzmaurice; February 6, 2012 img src "http //cdn2.pitchfork.com/albums/17407/homepage_large.23716cd0.jpg" /> John Talabot IN By Philip Sherburne; February 7, 2012 img src "http //cdn3.pitchfork.com/albums/17413/homepage_large.93d62019.jpg" /> Air Le Voyage Dans la Lune By Nick Neyland; February 8, 2012 img src "http //cdn2.pitchfork.com/albums/17402/homepage_large.5f961030.jpg" /> AraabMuzik Instrumental University By Carrie Battan; February 3, 2012 img src "http //cdn.pitchfork.com/albums/17410/homepage_large.b1df9858.jpg" /> Mark Lanegan Band Blues Funeral By Ian Cohen; February 7, 2012 img src "http //cdn4.pitchfork.com/albums/17401/homepage_large.c4233887.jpg" /> Pop. 1280 The Horror By Stuart Berman; February 3, 2012 img src "http //cdn.pitchfork.com/albums/17403/homepage_large.303f2020.jpg" /> A Place to Bury Strangers Onwards to the Wall EP By Zach Kelly; February 6, 2012 img src "http //cdn.pitchfork.com/albums/17387/homepage_large.4dd7c21d.jpg" /> Blondes Blondes By Eric Grandy; February 3, 2012 img src "http //cdn2.pitchfork.com/albums/17379/homepage_large.76cd0167.jpg" /> Lana Del Rey Born to Die By Lindsay Zoladz; January 30, 2012 img src "http //cdn.pitchfork.com/albums/17397/homepage_large.32173c41.jpg" /> Trailer Trash Tracys Ester By Hari Ashurst; February 3, 2012 img src "http //cdn2.pitchfork.com/albums/17379/homepage_large.76cd0167.jpg" /> Lana Del Rey Born to Die By Lindsay Zoladz; January 30, 2012 img src "http //cdn4.pitchfork.com/albums/17319/homepage_large.6d5f6176.jpg" /> Cloud Nothings Attack on Memory By Ian Cohen; January 23, 2012 img src "http //cdn3.pitchfork.com/albums/17339/homepage_large.99a53c43.jpg" /> Chairlift Something By Matthew Perpetua; January 20, 2012 img src "http //cdn3.pitchfork.com/albums/17374/homepage_large.5e85cf9d.jpg" /> Schoolboy Q Habits & Contradictions By Jayson Greene; January 27, 2012 img src "http //cdn2.pitchfork.com/albums/17337/homepage_large.8b030a3d.jpg" /> Trent Reznor / Atticus Ross The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo OST By Andrew Ryce; January 17, 2012 img src "http //cdn2.pitchfork.com/albums/17320/homepage_large.b31365d3.jpg" /> Nirvana Live at the Paramount By Jayson Greene; January 11, 2012 img src "http //cdn.pitchfork.com/albums/17408/homepage_large.822e6471.jpg" /> Of Montreal Paralytic Stalks By Larry Fitzmaurice; February 6, 2012 img src "http //cdn2.pitchfork.com/albums/17407/homepage_large.23716cd0.jpg" /> John Talabot IN By Philip Sherburne; February 7, 2012 img src "http //cdn4.pitchfork.com/albums/17326/homepage_large.78d51a6f.jpg" /> Rick Ross Rich Forever By Jordan Sargent; January 13, 2012 img src "http //cdn.pitchfork.com/albums/17385/homepage_large.0d803d0e.jpg" /> Leonard Cohen Old Ideas By Mike Powell; February 1, 2012 img src "http //cdn3.pitchfork.com/albums/17243/homepage_large.c5e871dc.jpg" /> The Black Keys El Camino By Rob Harvilla; December 2, 2011 img src "http //cdn2.pitchfork.com/albums/17183/homepage_large.c693ab1b.jpg" /> Drake Take Care By Ryan Dombal; November 14, 2011 img src "http //cdn.pitchfork.com/albums/17220/homepage_large.64dfe0a1.jpg" /> Childish Gambino Camp By Ian Cohen; December 2, 2011 img src "http //cdn2.pitchfork.com/albums/17379/homepage_large.76cd0167.jpg" /> Lana Del Rey Born to Die By Lindsay Zoladz; January 30, 2012 img src "http //cdn4.pitchfork.com/albums/17263/homepage_large.aa05a03d.jpg" /> Amy Winehouse Lioness Hidden Treasures By Andrew Ryce; December 9, 2011 img src "http //cdn.pitchfork.com/albums/17212/homepage_large.36d6cabc.jpg" /> Kate Bush 50 Words for Snow By Ryan Dombal; November 21, 2011 img src "http //cdn2.pitchfork.com/albums/17208/homepage_large.bbdb3f29.jpg" /> Sepalcure Sepalcure By Andrew Gaerig; November 22, 2011 img src "http //cdn4.pitchfork.com/albums/17249/homepage_large.d3a054b8.jpg" /> The Roots Undun By Nate Patrin; December 6, 2011 img src "http //cdn.pitchfork.com/albums/17218/homepage_large.7f771f3f.jpg" /> Rihanna Talk That Talk By Lindsay Zoladz; November 23, 2011 img src "http //cdn4.pitchfork.com/albums/17319/homepage_large.6d5f6176.jpg" /> Cloud Nothings Attack on Memory By Ian Cohen; January 23, 2012 Pitchfork 2011 Pitchfork Media Inc. All rights reserved. Reviews Albums Tracks News Interviews Photos New Releases Tours Audio Video WTF Echo Chamber Features Interviews Articles Guest Lists Staff Lists Columns Pitchfork.tv TV Music Videos Best New Music Best New Albums Best New Tracks Best New Reissues 8.0+ Reviews More Info RSS Privacy Policy Terms of Use Jobs Advertising Staff Contact')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00129', '> Serious Eats - seriouseats.com Follow Serious Eats Foursquare Twitter Facebook Our Sites Home Burgers A Hamburger Today Pizza Slice Drinks Sweets Cities New York Chicago More Launching Soon! Community Talk Photograzing Recipes New York Restaurant Reviews By Neighborhood Manhattan Chelsea Chinatown East Village Financial District Flatiron Gramercy Harlem Hell\'s Kitchen Little Italy Lower East Side Meatpacking District Midtown East Midtown West Morningside Heights Murray Hill Nolita Soho Times Square Tribeca Union Square Upper East Side Upper West Side Washington Heights West Village Brooklyn Bay Ridge Bensonhurst Brooklyn Heights Bushwick Carroll Gardens Cobble Hill Coney Island Dumbo Dyker Heights Fort Greene Gowanus Greenpoint Midwood Park Slope Prospect Heights Red Hook Sunset Park Williamsburg Queens Astoria Corona Elmhurst Flushing Forest Hills Howard Beach Jackson Heights Kew Gardens Long Island City Rego Park Woodside The Bronx Staten Island New Jersey New York Talk What\'s Hot 12 Tourist Spots in New York That Are Actually Good Posted by The Serious Eats Team , July 25, 2011 at 10 30 AM SLIDESHOW 12 Tourist Spots in New York That Are Actually Good Any number of guidebooks, newspaper articles, airline magazine roundups, or TV shows can give first-time New York visitors a lengthy eating itinerary. Unfortunately, their recommendations aren\'t always the best. When we hear a tourist tell us that they\'re planning on going to Norma\'s for breakfast, Magnolia for a late morning snack, Lombardi\'s for lunch, Carmine\'s for dinner, and Serendipity 3 for dessert... well, we get a little bit sad inside. NYC is a killer food town; those sorts of places don\'t show you why. The good news Some oft-visited tourist destinations really do have great food. A few may be a little pricey, or a little crowded; some might not be the uncontested best in their field. But they\'re all widely known places that shouldn\'t leave a visitor disappointed. Check out the list and stay tuned tomorrow for places tourists don\'t go, but should! What tourist spots do you approve of View Tourist Spots in NYC That Are Actually Good in a larger map Post a Comment Favorite this! 83 Tags Balthazar , Doughnut Plant , Eataly , Grand Central Oyster Bar , Gray\'s Papaya , Joe\'s , Katz\'s , Murray\'s Bagel , Papaya King , Peter Luger , Pommes Frites , Shake Shack , Spotted Pig Comments Thanks for commenting! Your comment has been accepted and will appear in a moment. Add a comment Comments can take up to a minute to appear - please be patient! Previewing your comment HTML Hints Some HTML is OK a href "URL">link /a>, strong> strong /strong>, em> em /em> Comment Guidelines Post whatever you want, just keep it seriously about eats, seriously. We reserve the right to delete off-topic or inflammatory comments. Learn more at our Comment Policy page . If you see something not so nice, please, report an inappropriate comment. Recently in Talk New York Chicken Wingsssss! 0 comments Best hot chocolate in NYC 2 comments Indian Restaurant in Jackson Heights, NY 13 comments No More Whipped Cream and Sundaes at Shake Shack 8 comments Visiting NY 3 comments New York Penn Station 14 comments Read more in Talk New York Recently on SE The Vegan Experience, Day 24 Miracle Ingredients and New Pantry Staples 8 comments Los Angeles El Taurino\'s Salsa Rojo, Better Than the Actual Tacos 0 comments Gluten-Free Tuesday Peanut Butter Chocolate Chip Bars 0 comments Gluten-Free Peanut Butter Chocolate Chip Bars 0 comments Video A Community Garden for Refugees in Atlanta 2 comments Still Hungry Home Restaurant Reviews By Neighborhood New York Talk Links Terms of Use Privacy Policy Delivery Subscribe to our email newsletters so you don\'t miss anything delicious! Weekly Newsletter Recipe Newsletter New York Newsletter Chicago Newsletter Drinks Newsletter Sweets Newsletter Kiss the Chef About Us Contact Us Advertise with Us Family Style Serious Eats Drinks Sweets A Hamburger Today Slice Serious Eats Chicago Photograzing Feed Yourself Subscribe to the Serious Eats New York Feed Subscribe by email Serious Eats New York Follow us on Twitter! FAQ Advertise Sitemap Terms of Use Privacy Policy 2006-2012')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00130', '> Username Password Remember Sign Up Use Credit Cards To Buy Cheap Anime Buying cheap anime can save you money, and it\'s an important thing to understand. By buying anime as cheap as possible using credit you can quickly build up a huge collection double-entendre! . How to get an anime credit card. Lowering your interest rate. Where to get an Anime Credit Card Several credit card companies offer custom credit cards that allow you to put a picture on them. The Capital One Platinum is one example. Wells Fargo has a similar customization program. These allow you to personalize your card with almost anything you want! Putting Vash The Stampeded on your card could even make it worth $$60 billion double dollars! You could even design it like a business card for "L", with just one giant black letter. The possibilities are as endless as your imagination. Credit Cards Reviews Comparison Tips Saving Money Guides Stores Information')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00131', 'itemscope itemtype "http //schema.org/LocalBusiness"> theBrokerList CustomerService@thebrokerlist.com | 312 212 3611 Have an account Sign in Log in with LinkedIn Home Join Today Search Brokers Haves Wants Blog FAQ .67 Acres Commercial Land for Sale Gunter TX Main Street and 5th Street, Gunter, TX, 75058, USA Share Tweet FOR SALE Property Type Commercial Land Development Amount $40,000 to $50,000 Last Verified Feb 10, 2012 Comments/Additional Features FOR SALE Sales Price $45,450 Lot .6658 acres Property Highlights High Visibility Accessible In downtown Gunter Main Street Frontage 75 feet Zoned Commercial CM Ideal for growing and relocating businesses. Please email me for a full marketing package at inquiries@laurexrealty.com Additional URLs http //www.laurexrealty.com/listings http //www.laurexrealty.com/newsletter http //www.laurexrealty.com/blog Map of Main Street and 5th Street, Gunter, TX, 75058, USA Presented by Laurex Realty Advisors Request additional information Laura Johnson + 972 740-3200 ext 114 Send a message Please send me additional information about this property at Main Street and 5th Street, Gunter, TX, 75058, USA. You can reach me at XXX-YYY-WWWW. Share this Listing Link to This Listing Link Copy the link above and share via email or IM. Email To Your Broker List Not Interested In This Property TheBrokerList.com Can Help Looking for an office, retail space, warehouse or anything else Contact a Licensed Member Today Copyright 2012 Marketplace Directory Privacy Policy All Rights Reserved. Contact Us Phone 312 212 3611 Email CustomerService@theBrokerList.com Follow Us Facebook Facebook LinkedIn theBrokerList. opt-in profile, is a "MUST" for CRE Commercial Real Estate Professionals.')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00132', 'id "ie6" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00133', 'id "ie6" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00134', 'id "ie6" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00135', 'id "ie6" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00136', 'id "ie6" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00137', 'id "ie6" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00138', 'id "ie6" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00139', 'id "ie6" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00141', "> How It Works Browse Projects Search Workers Register Login Get Your Project Done Without 'What If' Worries Find and Hire freelance web designers and developers through Q&A discussion and bids. Pay only as work gets done through escrow. Post My Project - Free or find work as a freelancer - free 1. Post Project Describe what you need done, publish it, and our freelance web designer and developers will come and join your Q&A discussion. 2. Q&A Discussion Each project has it's own Q&A board where you and freelancers ask questions, get answers, clarify things, and share advice. 3. Send Bid Invites Choose the freelancers that you feel are qualified and trustworthy from the Q&A and send them an invitation to submit their bid. 4. Manage Projects to Completion Choose your winning bidder, then use our online tools to keep track of progress, milestones, and fund & release escrow payments. Learn more about How It Works It's Free to use this website Yes absolutely. It's free to post a project, bid on projects, and use our entire website. We take a 10% fee from the freelancer's payment when you release a milestone escrow for work they have done. We don't do fees up front; it makes us focus on quality because we only make money when 100% satisfied work is completed. Being a project poster, how are you better than other freelance marketplaces Our unique process helps you choose the best matched and most trustworthy freelancer for your project to reduce risk. Two main things 1 Q&A discussion board on each project helps you get answers, ask questions, clarify things, and get attention from freelancers looking to work for you; you then choose from those that participated who gets an invitation to submit a bid. 2 Since only those you invite can send a bid closed bidding system , it reduces a lot of noise by eliminating 'copy & paste', generic, spam bids the other sites have. So you can focus and choose the best easier. read more I'm a freelancer, why is Freelancify better for me 1 We don't charge a membership or nickel and dime you just to look for jobs, it's free until you actually win a project. 2 The Q&A boards on each project level the playing field so that quality, knowledge, and customer service stands out much more than just who's cheapest. You also won't have to fight against waves of generic 'copy/paste' bidders as our closed bidding system only allows those invited from the project poster to submit a bid proposal. read more Who is Freelancify for For anyone looking to get a web project done, and looking to save time, outsource something they can't do, or cut costs. Also, open to any freelance web designers and developers, marketers, and writers looking for project work. Will I get ripped off NO! After you fund an escrow, you don't have to release the escrow payment if the work isn't done or satisfactory. Rarely will that happen though, as our process makes you choose only the best and most trustworthy freelancers. read more Is my data safe and secure Yes! Everything is encryped in the latest 128bit SSL certificates, backups are made hourly, and only a chosen few ninja masters have physical access to our servers. What if I need help, how's your support Help is something we take dear to heart, it's what separates the great from the good. We, ourselves, hate sucky customer service and run arounds, so we definitely don't bring them into our own business. Check out our Support Center, head over to the Community Forums, or email us. Who runs this site, who are you guys We are a bunch of overly-handsome young freelance web designers in Nashville that use Freelancify ourselves to either find work or get work done. You know when something you really love makes you lose sleep or on your mind all the time Well, Freelancify is that to us. more about us Post My Project Now Create a new project posting for absolutely FREE. Search Workers Use our search tool to find a freelance web designer, etc. Find a Project to Work View and find a freelance project to work on and make income. Top Categories Logo Design Graphic Design Basic Web Design E-commerce Blogs Content Management Systems Mobile Apps Social Networks Database Search Engine Optimization Web Apps and Software Other Web Programming Writing Marketing Create a Free Account or Post Your Project Get Help.. Really Good Help Visit our Support Center Contact Us Visit the Community Forum Terms of Use / Privacy Get To Know Us a Bit Our Blog Our Story and Company Follow Us Like Us Freelancify Company Shasta Drive Nashville, TN 37211 United States support@freelancify.com Monday - Friday 10 00am - 5 00pm Copyright 2012 Freelancify Company. All Rights Reserved. Don't copy, karma sucks..")
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00142', 'lang "en" xml lang "en" xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns fb "http //www.facebook.com/2008/fbml"> Details Enter Sweepstakes About Official Rules Privacy CHAUVET $4K Social Sweepstakes Submit your entry for a chance to win $4K in CHAUVET gear that 5 winners share. HOW TO ENTER Write an original tweet below. For every Twitter follower that enters through your link you get an extra entry. Complete the entry form on page 2 Write Your Tweet 140 I entered the CHAUVET $4K Social Sweepstakes for a chance to win $4K in CHAUVET gear that 5 winners share http //wfi.re/gdrxa Also make me a follower of CHAUVET Lighting Enter and Tweet Enter without tweeting CHAUVET Lighting Grand Prize $2,000 in CHAUVET lights PLUS an iPad installed with CHAUVET ShowXpress for programming the new gear! 2nd Prize $750 in CHAUVET lights! 3rd Prize $500 in CHAUVET lights! Invite your friends and win an iPad! If a friend that you invited wins the grand prize you ALSO get an iPad! Weekly T-Shirt Giveaway! Each week we will select an entrant to win in a CHAUVET T-shirt Prize Eligibility Only persons who are at least 18 years of age can enter. Sweepstakes Starts January 06, 2012 @ 09 00 am PST Sweepstakes Ends April 06, 2012 @ 09 00 am PDT Need more Details Read the Official Rules NO PURCHASE IS NECESSARY. Powered by Wildfire Social Media Marketing This sweepstakes is not administered, sponsored or endorsed by Twitter, Inc.')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00143', 'lang "en" xml lang "en" xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns fb "http //www.facebook.com/2008/fbml"> Details Enter Sweepstakes About Official Rules Privacy Valentine\'s Jewelry Giveaway Submit your entry for a chance to win Jewelry Everyday! @Buycom #BuycomLove. HOW TO ENTER Write an original tweet below. For every Twitter follower that enters through your link you get an extra entry. Complete the entry form on page 2 Write Your Tweet 140 I entered the Valentine\'s Jewelry Giveaway for a chance to win Jewelry Everyday! @Buycom #BuycomLove http //wfi.re/gdru9 Also make me a follower of Buy.com Enter and Tweet Enter without tweeting Buy.com Prize Details Enter to win a different piece of sparkling jewelry everyday here at Buy.com. Prize Eligibility Only persons who are at least 18 years of age can enter. Sweepstakes Starts February 01, 2012 @ 10 00 am PST Sweepstakes Ends February 14, 2012 @ 11 59 pm PST Need more Details Read the Official Rules NO PURCHASE IS NECESSARY. This sweepstakes is not administered, sponsored or endorsed by Twitter, Inc.')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00144', 'lang "en" xml lang "en" xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns fb "http //www.facebook.com/2008/fbml"> Details Enter Sweepstakes About Official Rules Privacy Turbana Valentine s Day Sweepstakes Submit your entry for a chance to win a prize pack of sweet and spicy chips. HOW TO ENTER Write an original tweet below. For every Twitter follower that enters through your link you get an extra entry. Complete the entry form on page 2 Write Your Tweet 140 I entered the Turbana Valentine s Day Sweepstakes for a chance to win a prize pack of sweet and spicy chips http //wfi.re/gdrue Also make me a follower of Turbana Plantain Chips Enter and Tweet Enter without tweeting Turbana Plantain Chips Prize Details The grand prize winner will receive a prize pack of sweet and spicy Turbana Chips and goodies. Prize Eligibility Only persons residing in United States who are at least 18 years of age can enter. Sweepstakes Starts February 10, 2012 @ 11 00 am EST Sweepstakes Ends February 17, 2012 @ 12 00 pm EST Need more Details Read the Official Rules NO PURCHASE IS NECESSARY. This promotion is powered by Wildfire Promotion Builder. Wildfire Interactive, Inc. "Wildfire" does not sponsor, administer or endorse this promotion. Participants must read and agree to Wildfire\'s Terms & Conditions of Use and Privacy Policy before entering or participating in this promotion. Powered by Wildfire Social Media Marketing Follow us | Terms | Privacy This sweepstakes is not administered, sponsored or endorsed by Twitter, Inc.')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00145', 'lang "en" xml lang "en" xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns fb "http //www.facebook.com/2008/fbml"> Details About Official Rules Privacy Famously Hot #MonsterJamCLA Sweepstakes Submit your entry for a chance to win 4 tickets to @MonsterJam at @CLAmktg. HOW TO ENTER Write an original tweet below. For every Twitter follower that enters through your link you get an extra entry. Complete the entry form on page 2 Write Your Tweet 140 I entered the Famously Hot #MonsterJamCLA Sweepstakes for a chance to win 4 tickets to @MonsterJam at @CLAmktg http //wfi.re/gdrur Also make me a follower of Columbia Metropolitan Convention & Visitors Bureau Enter and Tweet Enter without tweeting Columbia Metropolitan Convention & Visitors Bureau Prize Details One winner will receive four 4 tickets to Advance Auto Parts Monster Jam on Saturday, February 11, 2012 at 7 30 pm at Colonial Life Arena and four 4 famously hot or Sally Salamander t-shirts. Purchase Tickets More Information Like Colonial Life Arena Prize Eligibility Only persons who are at least 18 years of age can enter. Sweepstakes Starts February 07, 2012 @ 04 30 pm EST Sweepstakes Ends February 10, 2012 @ 12 00 pm EST Need more Details Read the Official Rules NO PURCHASE IS NECESSARY. This promotion is powered by Wildfire Promotion Builder. Wildfire Interactive, Inc. "Wildfire" does not sponsor, administer or endorse this promotion. Participants must read and agree to Wildfire\'s Terms & Conditions of Use and Privacy Policy before entering or participating in this promotion. Powered by Wildfire Social Media Marketing Follow us | Terms | Privacy This sweepstakes is not administered, sponsored or endorsed by Twitter, Inc.')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00146', 'lang "en" xml lang "en" xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns fb "http //www.facebook.com/2008/fbml"> Details About Official Rules Privacy Famously Hot #MonsterJamCLA Sweepstakes Submit your entry for a chance to win 4 tickets to @MonsterJam at @CLAmktg. HOW TO ENTER Write an original tweet below. For every Twitter follower that enters through your link you get an extra entry. Complete the entry form on page 2 Write Your Tweet 140 I entered the Famously Hot #MonsterJamCLA Sweepstakes for a chance to win 4 tickets to @MonsterJam at @CLAmktg http //wfi.re/gdrur Also make me a follower of Columbia Metropolitan Convention & Visitors Bureau Enter and Tweet Enter without tweeting Columbia Metropolitan Convention & Visitors Bureau Prize Details One winner will receive four 4 tickets to Advance Auto Parts Monster Jam on Saturday, February 11, 2012 at 7 30 pm at Colonial Life Arena and four 4 famously hot or Sally Salamander t-shirts. Purchase Tickets More Information Like Colonial Life Arena Prize Eligibility Only persons who are at least 18 years of age can enter. Sweepstakes Starts February 07, 2012 @ 04 30 pm EST Sweepstakes Ends February 10, 2012 @ 12 00 pm EST Need more Details Read the Official Rules NO PURCHASE IS NECESSARY. This promotion is powered by Wildfire Promotion Builder. Wildfire Interactive, Inc. "Wildfire" does not sponsor, administer or endorse this promotion. Participants must read and agree to Wildfire\'s Terms & Conditions of Use and Privacy Policy before entering or participating in this promotion. Powered by Wildfire Social Media Marketing Follow us | Terms | Privacy This sweepstakes is not administered, sponsored or endorsed by Twitter, Inc.')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00147', 'lang "en" xml lang "en" xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns fb "http //www.facebook.com/2008/fbml"> Details Enter Sweepstakes About Official Rules Privacy Inaugural flight Zurich-Beijing contest Submit your entry for a chance to win A pair of tickets to Beijing. HOW TO ENTER Write an original tweet below. For every Twitter follower that enters through your link you get an extra entry. Complete the entry form on page 2 Write Your Tweet 140 I entered the Inaugural flight Zurich-Beijing contest for a chance to win A pair of tickets to Beijing http //wfi.re/gdrxo Also make me a follower of Swiss International Air Lines Ltd. Enter and Tweet Enter without tweeting Swiss International Air Lines Ltd. Swiss International Air Lines Ltd. short Swiss is the principal airline of Switzerland operating scheduled services in Europe and to North America, South America, Africa and Asia. Its main hub is Zurich Airport ZRH . Prize Details We are giving away a pair of economy class tickets to Beijing! Sweepstakes Starts February 09, 2012 @ 06 00 pm CET Sweepstakes Ends February 11, 2012 @ 08 00 pm CET Need more Details Read the Official Rules NO PURCHASE IS NECESSARY. This promotion is powered by Wildfire Promotion Builder. Wildfire Interactive, Inc. "Wildfire" does not sponsor, administer or endorse this promotion. Participants must read and agree to Wildfire\'s Terms & Conditions of Use and Privacy Policy before entering or participating in this promotion. Powered by Wildfire Social Media Marketing Follow us | Terms | Privacy This sweepstakes is not administered, sponsored or endorsed by Twitter, Inc.')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00148', 'lang "en" xml lang "en" xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns fb "http //www.facebook.com/2008/fbml"> Details Enter Sweepstakes About Official Rules Privacy Pati\'s Mexican Table Le Creuset Giveaway Submit your entry for a chance to win a Le Creuset 5 QT Braiser. HOW TO ENTER Write an original tweet below. For every Twitter follower that enters through your link you get an extra entry. Complete the entry form on page 2 Write Your Tweet 140 I entered the Pati\'s Mexican Table Le Creuset Giveaway for a chance to win a Le Creuset 5 QT Braiser http //wfi.re/gdruu Also make me a follower of Pati\'s Mexican Table Enter and Tweet Enter without tweeting Pati\'s Mexican Table Prize Details I have received so many emails and requests about the Big Orange Pot I use on my show, and I wanted to share one with you! Here it is, my beloved 5QT Le Creuset Braiser. It is perfect for making Chicken in a Tomatillo, Chipotle and Brown Sugar Sauce , Chicken with Tamarind Apricots and Chipotle Sauce and Amarillito Mole , amongst other dishes. So, enter here for a chance to make it your own. Sweepstakes Starts February 10, 2012 @ 11 20 am EST Sweepstakes Ends February 17, 2012 @ 02 00 pm EST Need more Details Read the Official Rules NO PURCHASE IS NECESSARY. This promotion is powered by Wildfire Promotion Builder. Wildfire Interactive, Inc. "Wildfire" does not sponsor, administer or endorse this promotion. Participants must read and agree to Wildfire\'s Terms & Conditions of Use and Privacy Policy before entering or participating in this promotion. Powered by Wildfire Social Media Marketing This sweepstakes is not administered, sponsored or endorsed by Twitter, Inc.')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00151', 'lang "en" xml lang "en" xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns fb "http //www.facebook.com/2008/fbml"> Promo | Deals, Prizes, Coupons & Gifts Create your own promotions Sweepstakes Contests Special Deals Coupons View All Ultimate Girlfriend\'s Getaway Prize a trip for 4 to Paris, France Sponsored by The Ultimate Women\'s Expo Enter Sweepstakes Ends in 112 days Like 5454 Share Tweet Free Pink Ribbon Baseball Hat! Sponsored by The Breast Cancer Site Claim Coupon Ends in 54 days Like 5454 Share Tweet TrueCar "Pick Your Prize" Sweepstakes Prize a $500 gas or Amazon gift card Sponsored by TrueCar Enter Sweepstakes Ends in 21 days Like 5454 Share Tweet The Ben Bridge Wedding of the Century Prize Wedding prize package valued at $100,000 Sponsored by Ben Bridge Enter Contest Ends in 17 days Like 5454 Share Tweet Coromega Omega-3 Sweepstakes Prize $300 Walgreens Gift Card Sponsored by Coromega Enter Sweepstakes Ends in 1 day Like 5454 Share Tweet #WongaFriday Cash Giveaway Prize 100 Sponsored by Wonga.com Enter Sweepstakes Ends in 86 days Like 5454 Share Tweet Walk It Off in 7 Minutes Prize LifeSpan TR 1200-DT Desktop Treadmill Sponsored by Vitalicious Enter Sweepstakes Ends in 24 days Like 5454 Share Tweet Lennar Buy New, Buy Now $5,000 Sweeps Prize $5,000 Cash Sponsored by Lennar Enter Sweepstakes Ends in 1 day Like 5454 Share Tweet Globus Vacation Sweepstakes Prize an Escorted Vacation Sponsored by Globus Enter Sweepstakes Ends in 5 days Like 5454 Share Tweet Free Purple Paw Baseball Hat! Sponsored by The Animal Rescue Site Claim Coupon Ends in 54 days Like 5454 Share Tweet Most popular Most recent Top prizes Ending soon Categories Automotive Beauty/Fashion Career Celebrity Comedy Education Financial Services Games Health/Fitness Home Entertainment Home/Food Kids/Toys Lifestyle Love/Dating Miscellaneous Movies Music News Pets Retail/Shopping Sports Technology Teen Travel & Culture TV Previous 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 124 125 Next Terms | Privacy Powered by Wildfire Like Follow us on Twitter')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00152', 'lang "en" xml lang "en" xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns fb "http //www.facebook.com/2008/fbml"> Details Enter Contest Vote Now Invite Friends About Official Rules Privacy NATO iReps Competition Enter Contest Vote Now Invite Friends Prize Details 20 winners from around the globe will win the chance to travel to Chicago, all expenses paid , and report live from the NATO Chicago Summit 2012. As a winner, you will attend speeches by world leaders and meet face-to-face with top NATO officials to discuss your views on what peace and security means for you. To participate, simply upload a video of 1 minute or less explaining what peace and security means for you. So pick up your camera, your smartphone or any other recording device you have and tell us what peace and security means for you! Don t hesitate to be creative! See you in Chicago. Contest Instructions To participate, simply tell us what peace and security means for you in a video of 1 minute or less. Prize Eligibility Only persons who are at least 18 years of age can enter. Contest Starts February 07, 2012 @ 09 00 am CET Contest Ends March 31, 2012 @ 11 59 pm CEST Need more Details Read the Official Rules About the Organization An alliance of countries from North America and Europe committed to fulfilling the goals of the North Atlantic Treaty signed on 4 April 1949.')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00153', 'lang "en" xml lang "en" xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns fb "http //www.facebook.com/2008/fbml"> Find Promotions | Your Promotions Start your own promotion now! Details Enter Contest View Entries Invite Friends About Official Rules Privacy Bundle Up+Show Us What You Love Contest Enter Contest View Entries Invite Friends Prize Details Win a $500 gift card to Nordstrom and over $200 in luxury hair care products from Paul Mitchell for creating amazing bundles of wedding inspiration! Contest Instructions Here s how Head to Lover.ly Sign up for an account if you don t already have one ! Create a bundle of wedding inspiration. A bundle of your favorite flower, color scheme anything! The possibilities are endless! Unlock your bundle and enter it into this contest. We ll choose our 10 favorite bundles submitted after the contest closes, and put them up to vote on our FB page. The Bundle that receives the most likes wins! You can enter AS MANY TIMES as you like. But remember -people will likely only vote for great bundles so get creative! ENTERING ANOTHER BUNDLE CLEAR YOUR CACHE and REENTER HERE ! Prize Eligibility Only persons residing in United States who are at least 13 years of age can enter. Contest Starts February 01, 2012 @ 09 01 am PST Contest Ends February 24, 2012 @ 11 59 pm PST Need more Details Read the Official Rules About the Company The inspiration engine. A better way to search, discover, and easily save all your favorite wedding ideas in one, always accessible place. Remember you can submit as many bundles as you want! When you re done entering this bundle, why not create and submit another This promotion is powered by Wildfire Promotion Builder. Wildfire Interactive, Inc. "Wildfire" does not sponsor, administer or endorse this promotion. Participants must read and agree to Wildfire\'s Terms & Conditions of Use and Privacy Policy before entering or participating in this promotion. Powered by Wildfire Social Media Marketing Like us | Follow us | Terms | Privacy')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00154', 'lang "en" xml lang "en" xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns fb "http //www.facebook.com/2008/fbml"> Find Promotions | Your Promotions Start your own promotion now! Details Vote Now Invite Friends About Official Rules Privacy You decide! Pick our March BOM! Vote Now Invite Friends Prize Details Blue Moon Burgers is holding a fan contest to create the Burger of the Month for March! The winner will have the March BOM named after them and receive eternal fame and glory and of course we ll throw a few burgers their way, in the form of a gift card good for one Burger of the Month every month for a year. Contest Instructions Vote for your favorite burger, and you may cast one vote per day. Voting continues through Feb. 13 and then we ll select the top 4 burgers to move to Final Four voting Feb 14-19. The ultimate winner will be announced Feb. 20. Contest Starts February 07, 2012 @ 06 30 am PST Contest Ends February 08, 2012 @ 06 30 am PST Need more Details Read the Official Rules About the Company Unlike the other Burger joints, we only use all Natural Beef, Chicken and Salmon in our burgers. This means our Burgers are free of antibiotics, hormones and are fed a... [more] Unlike the other Burger joints, we only use all Natural Beef, Chicken and Salmon in our burgers. This means our Burgers are free of antibiotics, hormones and are fed a vegetarian diet. Why do we use all natural proteins For the same reason we hand cut our fries fresh every day and hand dip our Milk Shakes, Malts and Root Beer Floats. Because we work here, we know our customers and this is what we eat everyday. The great thing about being a small locally owned business is that you can still be a little different. This promotion is powered by Wildfire Promotion Builder. Wildfire Interactive, Inc. "Wildfire" does not sponsor, administer or endorse this promotion. Participants must read and agree to Wildfire\'s Terms & Conditions of Use and Privacy Policy before entering or participating in this promotion. Powered by Wildfire Social Media Marketing Like us | Follow us | Terms | Privacy')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00155', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en" id "vbulletin_html"> Remember me Login Sign Up OR Connect via Home Deals Coupons Map Financial Tools Forums Group Deals Flyers Search Categories Apparel Children\'s Apparel Men\'s Apparel Women\'s Apparel Automotive Beauty & Wellness Computers & Electronics Entertainment Financial Services Freebies Groceries Home & Garden Kids & Babies Restaurants Small Business Sports & Fitness Travel View All Deals Suggest a Deal Special Offers Freebies Free Shipping Deals Stores with Free Shipping Group Deals Roundup Warehouse Sales Feature Articles Deal of the Day Cities Calgary Edmonton Hamilton Montreal Ottawa-Gatineau Quebec City Toronto Vancouver Categories Apparel Children\'s Apparel Men\'s Apparel Women\'s Apparel Automotive Beauty & Wellness Computers & Electronics Entertainment Financial Services Freebies Groceries Home & Garden Kids & Babies Restaurants Small Business Sports & Fitness Travel View All Coupons Suggest a Coupon Search For Deals & Coupons in Markham Search Map all Markham deals See deals near you with our new map feature . Categories Apparel Children\'s Apparel Men\'s Apparel Women\'s Apparel Automotive Beauty & Wellness Computers & Electronics Entertainment Financial Services Groceries Home & Garden Kids & Babies Restaurants Small Business Sports & Fitness Travel View All Deals Suggest a Deal Personal Finance Chequing Accounts Comparison Credit Card Comparison Financial Services Coupons Financial Services Deals Mortgages Mortgage, GIC, RRSP, & Savings Rate Comparision Saving Accounts TFSA Comparison Discussion In Hot Deals Forum Personal Finance Forum Featured Credit Cards MBNA Smart Cash Platinum Plus MasterCard Credit Card Apply Now Capital One Aspire Travel World Mastercard Apply Now Tools Compare Prices Group Deals Roundup Store Ratings Surveys Warehouse and Outlet Sales Locator Follow Us Blog Facebook Mobile Newsletters RSS Twitter Deals and Freebies Hot Deals Group Deals Request-A-Deal Shopping Discussion Freebies Contests Discussion Careers Computers and Electronics Entertainment Entrepreneurship and Small Business Fashion & Apparel Food & Drink Green / Eco-Friendly Home & Garden Motor Vehicles & Accessories Parenting Personal Finance Pets Sports & Fitness Students Travel Off Topic Site Related Site Comments and Suggestions Welcome to RedFlagDeals.com Buy, Sell and Trading Post View All Forums Deal of the Day Cities Calgary Edmonton Hamilton Montreal Ottawa-Gatineau Quebec City Toronto Vancouver Group Deals Group Deals Forum Group Deals Roundup Log in to hide this sidebar FAQ Community My Albums Forum Actions Mark Forums Read Quick Links View Forum Leaders Search Forums Show Threads Show Posts Search in Thread Titles Only Advanced Search Suggest a Deal! Found a deal that we don\'t have posted Click here to Suggest a Deal! Posts with Most Thanks HOT HOT- TD i7 PC $200 - "Hundreds leave, a handful stay. Only one looks back." Posted 6 days ago by Troy_McClure Costco West Deals Feb 6-12 M&M\'s, Charmin, Toothpaste, Razors, Kraft Dinner,Resinite Posted 3 days ago by tynanwong A&F/Hollister 50% off redline/clearance $9.90-$29 premium hoodie/jackets Feb 5-12 Posted 5 days ago by zatnaf Cityline/Burt s Bees "$3,000 Comfort Package" Contest March 4/12 Posted 4 days ago by TYinYVR Popular Threads HOT HOT- TD i7 PC $200 - "Hundreds leave, a handful stay. Only one looks back." Posted 6 days ago by Troy_McClure A&F/Hollister 50% off redline/clearance $9.90-$29 premium hoodie/jackets Feb 5-12 Posted 5 days ago by zatnaf Fongo.com - Talk Freely To The World - FREE MOBILE Phone Service! Posted 3 days ago by patrob The Official Second-hand Winter Jacket deal post Kijiji/CL/RFD/Ebay [UPDATED] Posted 6 days ago by kingofwale Newest Threads Sharp Electronics Warehouse Sale - Feb. 25th Posted Just now by HyperionDesign iphone 4 cracked screen repair/replacement $60 to $200 Posted 12 minutes ago by clock how to negotiate a used car purchase Posted 14 minutes ago by gwan [27% off] Ontario Science Center 1 yr family membership, Save $36.6 Posted 15 minutes ago by deckking Forums RedFlagDeals.com Forums If this is your first visit, be sure to check out the FAQ by clicking the link above. You may have to register before you can post click the register link above to proceed. To start viewing messages, select the forum that you want to visit from the selection below. Welcome! There are currently 5,018 users browsing the RedFlagDeals.com Forums! Forum Last Post Threads Posts Deals & Freebies Hot Deals Post the hot deals you find here! This forum is not for private sales or self promotion. Categories Apparel Auto Beauty Biz Comp Elect Fitness Food Fun Games Home Money Other Parents Travel Forum Statistics Last Post [Elect] Sharp Electronics Warehouse... by nineiron Feb 10th, 2012 04 51 PM 9,121 489,935 Group Deals Discuss the daily group buy offers in your area. Forum Statistics Last Post [Merged] $10 Credit Each... by Chowcoupon1 Feb 10th, 2012 04 34 PM 1,065 10,272 Request-A-Deal Looking for a deal on a particular product or service You\'ve come to the right place. Start a topic in this forum and have hundreds of Canadians help you find a deal! Forum Statistics Last Post Looking for a reliable... by TheHemming Feb 10th, 2012 01 27 PM 43,555 150,248 Shopping Discussion Discuss retailers, warranties, returns, price matching policies, and other shopping related issues here. Forum Statistics Last Post Furniture store messed up on... by number8888 Feb 10th, 2012 04 29 PM 18,879 231,788 Freebies Find freebies and share freebies you have found with RedFlagDeals.com readers. Forum Statistics Last Post Free Canadian Webhosting,... by Skillthiz Feb 10th, 2012 04 49 PM 4,212 78,386 Contests Find free contests that you can enter. No referral links or codes. Categories Once Monthly Weekly Daily Hourly Other Forum Statistics Last Post [Weekly] Schick Hydro Silk "show your... by twitchyq Feb 10th, 2012 04 52 PM 923 42,021 Expired Offers Discuss expired deals, coupons, contests, and freebies. Sub-Forums Expired Contests Expired Deals Expired Group Deals Expired Freebies Forum Statistics Last Post American Express Gold with 2%... by queenofhearts Feb 10th, 2012 04 32 PM 152,455 3,869,795 RedFlagDeals.com Buy, Sell, and Trading Post Buy, Sell, and Trading Post Want to buy, sell, or trade something Take a look here! Sub-Forums BST Apparel BST Computer Hardware, Tablets, Software & Accessories BST Cell Phones & Accessories BST Textbooks BST Electronics BST Gift Cards BST Motor Vehicles & Accessories BST Tickets BST Video Games, Music & Movies BST Everything Else Free Stuff Group Buys Archived BST Posts Scammers and Warnings Forum Statistics Last Post [FS] PRICE DROP Dell Ultrasharp... by Opticblast Feb 10th, 2012 04 51 PM 355,949 2,523,812 Site Related The Welcome to RedFlagDeals.com Forum New to the forums Introduce yourself and ask basic "how to" questions here. Forum Statistics Last Post Hi by Matrixvibe Feb 10th, 2012 12 02 AM 1,957 9,286 Site Comments & Suggestions The place to offer your comments and suggestions on what you like/dislike about RedFlagDeals.com and how we can better serve your needs. Forum Statistics Last Post Issue with users asking for... by Tijuana Feb 10th, 2012 12 52 PM 4,225 45,840 Discussion Careers Discuss jobs and education or post your job openings and hire an RFDer! Forum Statistics Last Post [Merged] Ask me anything... by b166er1337 Feb 10th, 2012 04 47 PM 15,671 219,062 Computers & Electronics Ask for advice, give advice, talk chips, cards, iPods, home theatre, and whatever else you like. Sub-Forums Cell Phones Photography Forum Statistics Last Post Putting CM 7.2 on S5660M... by wing0 Feb 10th, 2012 04 50 PM 89,975 898,830 Entertainment A forum to discuss the important things in life Video Games, Music, Television, Movies, and Books. Sub-Forums PC & Video Games Forum Statistics Last Post COD MW3 PSN List +... by Mattones Feb 10th, 2012 04 41 PM 20,494 461,665 Entrepreneurship & Small Business This forum is not meant for self-promotion, but rather to discuss the challenges facing Entrepreneurs and those running their own business in Canada. Forum Statistics Last Post VOIP for business line by slowtyper Feb 10th, 2012 04 51 PM 5,135 44,085 Fashion & Apparel Discuss trends, clothing, accessories, makeup, hair salons, get advice, and more. Forum Statistics Last Post Defectively marked jacket by stanleyshops Feb 10th, 2012 04 52 PM 8,304 101,295 Food & Drink From restaurant reviews to your latest delicious designs, this is the place to find them and share them. Forum Statistics Last Post Lunch ideas-no microwave by appleb Feb 10th, 2012 04 46 PM 13,431 221,097 Green / Eco-Friendly Discuss environmentally friendly products, deals, tips, and more. Forum Statistics Last Post Ask me anything you want... by BinaryJay Feb 9th, 2012 10 23 AM 688 9,005 Home & Garden Talk about home improvement, landscaping, decor, and more! Forum Statistics Last Post Kingsdown Mattress @ Sleep... by deal_king Feb 10th, 2012 04 44 PM 22,832 233,507 Motor Vehicles & Accessories Need car advice Insurance questions Just chat about cars Do it here! Forum Statistics Last Post Volkswagen questions and... by afretes Feb 10th, 2012 04 48 PM 34,582 575,946 Parenting Discuss childcare and parenting related issues with fellow RedFlagDeals.com readers. Forum Statistics Last Post I just got a Home visit from... by PianoGuy Feb 10th, 2012 01 33 AM 2,804 34,628 Personal Finance Visit this forum to discuss mortgages, loans, money saving tips, taxes, and more! No stock tips allowed ! Forum Statistics Last Post The Official Mortgage Rates... by laptop-tech Feb 10th, 2012 04 42 PM 26,385 423,119 Pets Discuss everything related to pets here! Pet food, pet supplies, which type of pet is right for you, and more! Forum Statistics Last Post Had to put my dog down today,... by tsat Feb 10th, 2012 04 03 PM 742 10,800 Students Discuss courses, student loans, Frosh Week, and other school related topics here. No homework threads please. Forum Statistics Last Post The York University Thread by poklim Feb 10th, 2012 04 51 PM 9,124 144,058 Sports & Fitness Discuss your favourite team, your workout routine and more in the Sports & Fitness Forum! Forum Statistics Last Post Advice for joining a gym by crystallight Feb 10th, 2012 04 51 PM 9,868 301,632 Travel Wondering where you should go on vacation Get information, trade travel tips or stories, and more in the Travel Forum! Forum Statistics Last Post Kingston, Ontario during... by jcon Feb 10th, 2012 04 19 PM 16,076 143,311 Off Topic If you\'re looking to post a message that doesn\'t fit into any of the other forums then this is probably your best bet. Forum Statistics Last Post 407 ETR - Possibly going on... by cheapmeister Feb 10th, 2012 04 52 PM 58,672 1,349,109 Archives Past Promotions/Archives Past contests and promotional forums. Sub-Forums Back to School 2011 RFD 3rd Anniversary Win an Xbox! RFD 3rd Anniversary Create & Win $500 Wish List! RFD 4th Anniversary Create & Win $400 Wish List! NCIX Boxing Week 2006 Wish List Contest - Contest Closed! RFD 5th Anniversary Create & Win $1000 NCIX Wish List! Black Friday/Cyber Monday in Canada Build it and Win it $2,000 NCIX.com Custom PC Contest! PriceCanada.com 1st Anniversary Contest NCIX.com Build Your Back to School PC 2007 Contest! NCIX Grand Reopening Contest NCIX 10th Anniversary Create & Win $500 NCIX Wish List! NCIX Boxing Week 2007 Wish List Contest Create & Win Your $3,000 Newegg.ca Wish List Contest! Tell Us Your Story - Valentine\'s Day Contest! 2008 RedFlagDeals.com 1st Annual Member Awards 2nd Annual RedFlagDeals.com Member Awards 3rd Annual Member Awards! Congrats to the Winners! Boxing Day Deals Boxing Day Discussion Forum Statistics Last Post VOTE NOW! Favourite Off Topic... by Conquistador Jan 31st, 2012 11 50 PM 15,067 36,006 Mark Forums Read | View Forum Leaders What\'s Going On Today\'s Birthdays RxDoc007 76 princesslady 53 Infovit874 46 anto13 28 RedFlagDeals.com Forums Statistics Threads 974,600 Posts 12,902,194 Members 512,505 Welcome to our newest member, zahidshasan Welcome! There are currently 5,018 users browsing the RedFlagDeals.com Forums! Icon Legend Contains unread forum posts Contains no unread forum posts All times are GMT -5. The time now is 04 52 PM . Forum search by Digital Point RedFlagDeals.com Home Top Advertisers Advertise on RedFlagDeals.com Advertise on Deal of the Day About us About RedFlagDeals.com Contact us Help Blog Press Careers Follow us on Twitter Facebook fan page Terms and conditions Privacy policy Quick links Deals Coupons Financial Forums Mobile, tools and more RedFlagDeals.com for mobile Tools RSS feeds Store ratings Newsletter Our partners Canada411.ca CanadaPlus.ca Deal of the Day Employment News Home and D cor HomeTRADER.ca Hospital News LesPAC Fran ais Mediative.ca PriceCanada.com Restaurantica YellowPages.ca Popular Merchants Apple Bed Bath and Beyond Best Buy Canadian Tire Dominos Pizza Hertz Rent A Car Pier1 Import Princess Auto Scotiabank Toys R Us see more top merchants Popular Categories All Regions Apparel Travel Computers & Electronics Home & Garden Restaurants see more Canadian Cities Burnaby Calgary Charlottetown Halifax Hamilton Kelowna Kitchener Mississauga Montr al Ottawa Qu bec City Regina Saint John Saskatoon Surrey Toronto Vancouver Victoria Winnipeg or choose another city Copyright 2000 - RedFlagDeals.com. All rights reserved. Terms of Use , Privacy Policy Yellow Pages Group and the Walking fingers design logo are trademarks of Yellow Pages Group Co. in Canada.')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00156', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en" id "vbulletin_html"> Remember me Login Sign Up OR Connect via Home Deals Coupons Map Financial Tools Forums Group Deals Flyers Search Categories Apparel Children\'s Apparel Men\'s Apparel Women\'s Apparel Automotive Beauty & Wellness Computers & Electronics Entertainment Financial Services Freebies Groceries Home & Garden Kids & Babies Restaurants Small Business Sports & Fitness Travel View All Deals Suggest a Deal Special Offers Freebies Free Shipping Deals Stores with Free Shipping Group Deals Roundup Warehouse Sales Feature Articles Deal of the Day Cities Calgary Edmonton Hamilton Montreal Ottawa-Gatineau Quebec City Toronto Vancouver Categories Apparel Children\'s Apparel Men\'s Apparel Women\'s Apparel Automotive Beauty & Wellness Computers & Electronics Entertainment Financial Services Freebies Groceries Home & Garden Kids & Babies Restaurants Small Business Sports & Fitness Travel View All Coupons Suggest a Coupon Search For Deals & Coupons in Toronto Search Map all Toronto deals See deals near you with our new map feature . Categories Apparel Children\'s Apparel Men\'s Apparel Women\'s Apparel Automotive Beauty & Wellness Computers & Electronics Entertainment Financial Services Groceries Home & Garden Kids & Babies Restaurants Small Business Sports & Fitness Travel View All Deals Suggest a Deal Personal Finance Chequing Accounts Comparison Credit Card Comparison Financial Services Coupons Financial Services Deals Mortgages Mortgage, GIC, RRSP, & Savings Rate Comparision Saving Accounts TFSA Comparison Discussion In Hot Deals Forum Personal Finance Forum Featured Credit Cards MBNA Smart Cash Platinum Plus MasterCard Credit Card Apply Now Capital One Aspire Travel World Mastercard Apply Now Tools Compare Prices Group Deals Roundup Store Ratings Surveys Warehouse and Outlet Sales Locator Follow Us Blog Facebook Mobile Newsletters RSS Twitter Deals and Freebies Hot Deals Group Deals Request-A-Deal Shopping Discussion Freebies Contests Discussion Careers Computers and Electronics Entertainment Entrepreneurship and Small Business Fashion & Apparel Food & Drink Green / Eco-Friendly Home & Garden Motor Vehicles & Accessories Parenting Personal Finance Pets Sports & Fitness Students Travel Off Topic Site Related Site Comments and Suggestions Welcome to RedFlagDeals.com Buy, Sell and Trading Post View All Forums Deal of the Day Cities Calgary Edmonton Hamilton Montreal Ottawa-Gatineau Quebec City Toronto Vancouver Group Deals Group Deals Forum Group Deals Roundup FAQ Community My Albums Forum Actions Mark Forums Read Quick Links View Forum Leaders Search Forums Show Threads Show Posts Search in Thread Titles Only Advanced Search Forums Hot Deals [Merged] Vonage App released free mobile calling includes texts Android and iOS Thread [Merged] Vonage App released free mobile calling includes texts Android and iOS Tags app cell long distance texts vonage Add/Edit Tags + Reply to Thread Page 2 of 2 First 1 2 Jump to page Thread Tools Show Printable Version Email this Page Subscribe to this Thread Feb 10th, 2012 09 58 AM #16 iwantniceheadphones Newbie Join Date Oct 31st, 2010 Location Sarsborough Posts 14 Im pretty sure this is a repost Reply With Quote LOG IN TO THANK No one has yet thanked iwantniceheadphones for this post. Feb 10th, 2012 09 59 AM #17 djino Deal Addict Join Date Feb 25th, 2008 Location Gatineau, Quebec Ottawa Region Posts 3,633 Thanked 280 times for 203 posts Originally Posted by shwinn Looks good, ill give it a try. Free calling to U.S is a plus compared to DellVoice Major plus compared to Dell Voice. djino _______________ This is a short story about four people named Everybody, Somebody, Anybody, and Nobody. There was an important job to be done and Everybody was sure that Somebody would do it. Anybody could have done it, but Nobody did it. Somebody got angry about this, because it was Everybody\'s job. Everybody thought Anybody could do it, but Nobody realized that Everybody wouldn\'t do it. It ended up that Everybody blamed Somebody when Nobody did what Anybody could have done. Which Person are YOU!!! Reply With Quote LOG IN TO THANK No one has yet thanked djino for this post. Feb 10th, 2012 10 16 AM #18 djino Deal Addict Join Date Feb 25th, 2008 Location Gatineau, Quebec Ottawa Region Posts 3,633 Thanked 280 times for 203 posts Decent Quality over WIND MOBILE 3G on my Galaxy Nexus djino _______________ This is a short story about four people named Everybody, Somebody, Anybody, and Nobody. There was an important job to be done and Everybody was sure that Somebody would do it. Anybody could have done it, but Nobody did it. Somebody got angry about this, because it was Everybody\'s job. Everybody thought Anybody could do it, but Nobody realized that Everybody wouldn\'t do it. It ended up that Everybody blamed Somebody when Nobody did what Anybody could have done. Which Person are YOU!!! Reply With Quote LOG IN TO THANK No one has yet thanked djino for this post. Feb 10th, 2012 10 17 AM #19 HowEver Deal Fanatic Join Date May 14th, 2004 Location Toronto, Greater Toronto Area Posts 9,351 Thanked 86 times for 43 posts REPOST http //forums.redflagdeals.com/vonag...d-ios-1140716/ thanks. _______________ @nowever More for sale soon Reply With Quote LOG IN TO THANK No one has yet thanked HowEver for this post. Feb 10th, 2012 10 22 AM #20 djino Deal Addict Join Date Feb 25th, 2008 Location Gatineau, Quebec Ottawa Region Posts 3,633 Thanked 280 times for 203 posts Originally Posted by HowEver REPOST http //forums.redflagdeals.com/vonag...d-ios-1140716/ thanks. Right! Thanks. _______________ This is a short story about four people named Everybody, Somebody, Anybody, and Nobody. There was an important job to be done and Everybody was sure that Somebody would do it. Anybody could have done it, but Nobody did it. Somebody got angry about this, because it was Everybody\'s job. Everybody thought Anybody could do it, but Nobody realized that Everybody wouldn\'t do it. It ended up that Everybody blamed Somebody when Nobody did what Anybody could have done. Which Person are YOU!!! Reply With Quote LOG IN TO THANK No one has yet thanked djino for this post. Feb 10th, 2012 10 47 AM #21 purplekush604 Newbie Join Date Sep 29th, 2010 Posts 53 Off topic, sorry BUT I will be going to cuba this month, whats the best way to get data without wifi there Reply With Quote LOG IN TO THANK No one has yet thanked purplekush604 for this post. Feb 10th, 2012 12 48 PM #22 djemzine Deal Addict Join Date Jun 16th, 2011 Location RICHMOND HILL Posts 2,608 Thanked 57 times for 53 posts Even if one goes to the US, they\'d have to use WiFi to make calls I assume Or can it be done via the mobile network which will be roaming so that\'s a minus. _______________ The One and Only and Proud to be an Indian. Cell phones Nokia 6620 - Motorola Q - Samsung Impact - HTC Legend - iPhone 3GS - iPhone 4 - Samsung Galaxy S - HTC Desire Z - HTC Desire HD - Motorola Atrix - Nexus S - Galaxy S II UK - Galaxy S II - iPhone 4S - Galaxy S II X - HTC Raider LTE - Galaxy Nexus Tablets iPad 2 - Motorola Xoom current - Asus Transformer 16GB + keyboard dock current Reply With Quote LOG IN TO THANK No one has yet thanked djemzine for this post. Feb 10th, 2012 01 07 PM #23 djino Deal Addict Join Date Feb 25th, 2008 Location Gatineau, Quebec Ottawa Region Posts 3,633 Thanked 280 times for 203 posts Originally Posted by djemzine Even if one goes to the US, they\'d have to use WiFi to make calls I assume Or can it be done via the mobile network which will be roaming so that\'s a minus. Yes, it can be used over a mobile network or WiFi. When you are in the U.S. just pick up a prepaid SIM Card from a carrier like T-Mobile/Roammobility and get a data only plan. Then you can use the Dell Voice or Vonage app over it. djino _______________ This is a short story about four people named Everybody, Somebody, Anybody, and Nobody. There was an important job to be done and Everybody was sure that Somebody would do it. Anybody could have done it, but Nobody did it. Somebody got angry about this, because it was Everybody\'s job. Everybody thought Anybody could do it, but Nobody realized that Everybody wouldn\'t do it. It ended up that Everybody blamed Somebody when Nobody did what Anybody could have done. Which Person are YOU!!! Reply With Quote LOG IN TO THANK No one has yet thanked djino for this post. Feb 10th, 2012 01 27 PM #24 infamouskid Deal Fanatic Join Date Oct 16th, 2005 Posts 6,062 Thanked 264 times for 151 posts just get sipdroid and pop in your fpl credentials. _______________ BEAT THE ROGERS AND BELL THROTTLE!! Round 1! Mechanical Keyboard Group Buy! Reply With Quote LOG IN TO THANK No one has yet thanked infamouskid for this post. Feb 10th, 2012 01 29 PM #25 djino Deal Addict Join Date Feb 25th, 2008 Location Gatineau, Quebec Ottawa Region Posts 3,633 Thanked 280 times for 203 posts Originally Posted by infamouskid just get sipdroid and pop in your fpl credentials. You gotta pay $50+tax for the Sip credentials with FPL. _______________ This is a short story about four people named Everybody, Somebody, Anybody, and Nobody. There was an important job to be done and Everybody was sure that Somebody would do it. Anybody could have done it, but Nobody did it. Somebody got angry about this, because it was Everybody\'s job. Everybody thought Anybody could do it, but Nobody realized that Everybody wouldn\'t do it. It ended up that Everybody blamed Somebody when Nobody did what Anybody could have done. Which Person are YOU!!! Reply With Quote LOG IN TO THANK No one has yet thanked djino for this post. Feb 10th, 2012 01 35 PM #26 Master Sr. Member Join Date Nov 27th, 2002 Location Toronto Posts 815 Thanked 21 times for 21 posts I can\'t call landline. The waiting icons keeps spinning on my Gingerbread Rom in android. Did I do something wrong _______________ Jack of all trades Master of one domain Reply With Quote LOG IN TO THANK No one has yet thanked Master for this post. Feb 10th, 2012 01 37 PM #27 djino Deal Addict Join Date Feb 25th, 2008 Location Gatineau, Quebec Ottawa Region Posts 3,633 Thanked 280 times for 203 posts Originally Posted by Master I can\'t call landline. The waiting icons keeps spinning on my Gingerbread Rom in android. Did I do something wrong Bad 3G/4G/Wifi Connection djino _______________ This is a short story about four people named Everybody, Somebody, Anybody, and Nobody. There was an important job to be done and Everybody was sure that Somebody would do it. Anybody could have done it, but Nobody did it. Somebody got angry about this, because it was Everybody\'s job. Everybody thought Anybody could do it, but Nobody realized that Everybody wouldn\'t do it. It ended up that Everybody blamed Somebody when Nobody did what Anybody could have done. Which Person are YOU!!! Reply With Quote LOG IN TO THANK No one has yet thanked djino for this post. + Reply to Thread Page 2 of 2 First 1 2 Jump to page Settings Private Messages Subscriptions Search Forums Forums Home Deals & Freebies Hot Deals Group Deals Request-A-Deal Shopping Discussion Freebies Contests Expired Offers Expired Contests Expired Deals Expired Group Deals Expired Freebies RedFlagDeals.com Buy, Sell, and Trading Post Buy, Sell, and Trading Post BST Apparel BST Computer Hardware, Tablets, Software & Accessories BST Cell Phones & Accessories BST Textbooks BST Electronics BST Gift Cards BST Motor Vehicles & Accessories BST Tickets BST Video Games, Music & Movies BST Everything Else Free Stuff Group Buys Archived BST Posts Scammers and Warnings Site Related The Welcome to RedFlagDeals.com Forum Site Comments & Suggestions Discussion Careers Computers & Electronics Cell Phones Photography Entertainment PC & Video Games Entrepreneurship & Small Business Fashion & Apparel Food & Drink Green / Eco-Friendly Home & Garden Motor Vehicles & Accessories Parenting Personal Finance Pets Students Sports & Fitness Travel Off Topic Archives Past Promotions/Archives Back to School 2011 RFD 3rd Anniversary Win an Xbox! RFD 3rd Anniversary Create & Win $500 Wish List! NCIX Boxing Week 2006 Wish List Contest - Contest Closed! RFD 5th Anniversary Create & Win $1000 NCIX Wish List! Black Friday/Cyber Monday in Canada Build it and Win it $2,000 NCIX.com Custom PC Contest! PriceCanada.com 1st Anniversary Contest NCIX.com Build Your Back to School PC 2007 Contest! NCIX Grand Reopening Contest NCIX 10th Anniversary Create & Win $500 NCIX Wish List! NCIX Boxing Week 2007 Wish List Contest Create & Win Your $3,000 Newegg.ca Wish List Contest! RedFlagDeals.com 1st Annual Member Awards 2nd Annual RedFlagDeals.com Member Awards 3rd Annual Member Awards! Congrats to the Winners! Boxing Day Deals Boxing Day Discussion Top Previous Thread | Next Thread Posting Permissions You may not post new threads You may not post replies You may not post attachments You may not edit your posts BB code is On Smilies are On [IMG] code is On HTML code is Off Trackbacks are Off Pingbacks are Off Refbacks are On Forum Rules All times are GMT -5. The time now is 04 57 PM . Forum search by Digital Point RedFlagDeals.com Home Top Advertisers Advertise on RedFlagDeals.com Advertise on Deal of the Day About us About RedFlagDeals.com Contact us Help Blog Press Careers Follow us on Twitter Facebook fan page Terms and conditions Privacy policy Quick links Deals Coupons Financial Forums Mobile, tools and more RedFlagDeals.com for mobile Tools RSS feeds Store ratings Newsletter Our partners Canada411.ca CanadaPlus.ca Deal of the Day Employment News Home and D cor HomeTRADER.ca Hospital News LesPAC Fran ais Mediative.ca PriceCanada.com Restaurantica YellowPages.ca Popular Merchants Apple Bed Bath and Beyond Best Buy Canadian Tire Dominos Pizza Hertz Rent A Car Pier1 Import Princess Auto Scotiabank Toys R Us see more top merchants Popular Categories All Regions Apparel Travel Computers & Electronics Home & Garden Restaurants see more Canadian Cities Burnaby Calgary Charlottetown Halifax Hamilton Kelowna Kitchener Mississauga Montr al Ottawa Qu bec City Regina Saint John Saskatoon Surrey Toronto Vancouver Victoria Winnipeg or choose another city Copyright 2000 - RedFlagDeals.com. All rights reserved. Terms of Use , Privacy Policy Yellow Pages Group and the Walking fingers design logo are trademarks of Yellow Pages Group Co. in Canada.')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00157', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en" id "vbulletin_html"> Remember me Login Sign Up OR Connect via Home Deals Coupons Map Financial Tools Forums Group Deals Flyers Search Categories Apparel Children\'s Apparel Men\'s Apparel Women\'s Apparel Automotive Beauty & Wellness Computers & Electronics Entertainment Financial Services Freebies Groceries Home & Garden Kids & Babies Restaurants Small Business Sports & Fitness Travel View All Deals Suggest a Deal Special Offers Freebies Free Shipping Deals Stores with Free Shipping Group Deals Roundup Warehouse Sales Feature Articles Deal of the Day Cities Calgary Edmonton Hamilton Montreal Ottawa-Gatineau Quebec City Toronto Vancouver Categories Apparel Children\'s Apparel Men\'s Apparel Women\'s Apparel Automotive Beauty & Wellness Computers & Electronics Entertainment Financial Services Freebies Groceries Home & Garden Kids & Babies Restaurants Small Business Sports & Fitness Travel View All Coupons Suggest a Coupon Search For Deals & Coupons in Toronto Search Map all Toronto deals See deals near you with our new map feature . Categories Apparel Children\'s Apparel Men\'s Apparel Women\'s Apparel Automotive Beauty & Wellness Computers & Electronics Entertainment Financial Services Groceries Home & Garden Kids & Babies Restaurants Small Business Sports & Fitness Travel View All Deals Suggest a Deal Personal Finance Chequing Accounts Comparison Credit Card Comparison Financial Services Coupons Financial Services Deals Mortgages Mortgage, GIC, RRSP, & Savings Rate Comparision Saving Accounts TFSA Comparison Discussion In Hot Deals Forum Personal Finance Forum Featured Credit Cards MBNA Smart Cash Platinum Plus MasterCard Credit Card Apply Now Capital One Aspire Travel World Mastercard Apply Now Tools Compare Prices Group Deals Roundup Store Ratings Surveys Warehouse and Outlet Sales Locator Follow Us Blog Facebook Mobile Newsletters RSS Twitter Deals and Freebies Hot Deals Group Deals Request-A-Deal Shopping Discussion Freebies Contests Discussion Careers Computers and Electronics Entertainment Entrepreneurship and Small Business Fashion & Apparel Food & Drink Green / Eco-Friendly Home & Garden Motor Vehicles & Accessories Parenting Personal Finance Pets Sports & Fitness Students Travel Off Topic Site Related Site Comments and Suggestions Welcome to RedFlagDeals.com Buy, Sell and Trading Post View All Forums Deal of the Day Cities Calgary Edmonton Hamilton Montreal Ottawa-Gatineau Quebec City Toronto Vancouver Group Deals Group Deals Forum Group Deals Roundup FAQ Community My Albums Forum Actions Mark Forums Read Quick Links View Forum Leaders Search Forums Show Threads Show Posts Search in Thread Titles Only Advanced Search Forums Hot Deals [Parents] Toronto Zoo - free for kids w/valentines. Feb 11/12 Thread [Parents] Toronto Zoo - free for kids w/valentines. Feb 11/12 Tags None Add/Edit Tags + Reply to Thread Thread Tools Show Printable Version Email this Page Subscribe to this Thread Feb 10th, 2012 07 28 AM #1 sprung Deal Addict Join Date Apr 17th, 2002 Posts 3,333 Thanked 1,212 times for 476 posts Toronto Zoo - free for kids w/valentines. Feb 11/12 source February 11 & February 12 The Zoo Loves YOU! Celebrate Valentine\'s Day with your favourite striped, spotted and furry friends at Toronto Zoo. Children 12 and under, who bring a valentine for their favourite WILD friend get in FREE maximum of two children per adult . _______________ I wait for my cat. His litter box is right beside our toilet. When he shows up we do a synchronized poop, high five and then share a can of tuna. Share This Reply With Quote LOG IN TO THANK No one has yet thanked sprung for this post. Sponsored Links - Join the RedFlagDeals.com community and remove this ad. + Reply to Thread Settings Private Messages Subscriptions Search Forums Forums Home Deals & Freebies Hot Deals Group Deals Request-A-Deal Shopping Discussion Freebies Contests Expired Offers Expired Contests Expired Deals Expired Group Deals Expired Freebies RedFlagDeals.com Buy, Sell, and Trading Post Buy, Sell, and Trading Post BST Apparel BST Computer Hardware, Tablets, Software & Accessories BST Cell Phones & Accessories BST Textbooks BST Electronics BST Gift Cards BST Motor Vehicles & Accessories BST Tickets BST Video Games, Music & Movies BST Everything Else Free Stuff Group Buys Archived BST Posts Scammers and Warnings Site Related The Welcome to RedFlagDeals.com Forum Site Comments & Suggestions Discussion Careers Computers & Electronics Cell Phones Photography Entertainment PC & Video Games Entrepreneurship & Small Business Fashion & Apparel Food & Drink Green / Eco-Friendly Home & Garden Motor Vehicles & Accessories Parenting Personal Finance Pets Students Sports & Fitness Travel Off Topic Archives Past Promotions/Archives Back to School 2011 RFD 3rd Anniversary Win an Xbox! RFD 3rd Anniversary Create & Win $500 Wish List! NCIX Boxing Week 2006 Wish List Contest - Contest Closed! RFD 5th Anniversary Create & Win $1000 NCIX Wish List! Black Friday/Cyber Monday in Canada Build it and Win it $2,000 NCIX.com Custom PC Contest! PriceCanada.com 1st Anniversary Contest NCIX.com Build Your Back to School PC 2007 Contest! NCIX Grand Reopening Contest NCIX 10th Anniversary Create & Win $500 NCIX Wish List! NCIX Boxing Week 2007 Wish List Contest Create & Win Your $3,000 Newegg.ca Wish List Contest! RedFlagDeals.com 1st Annual Member Awards 2nd Annual RedFlagDeals.com Member Awards 3rd Annual Member Awards! Congrats to the Winners! Boxing Day Deals Boxing Day Discussion Top Previous Thread | Next Thread Posting Permissions You may not post new threads You may not post replies You may not post attachments You may not edit your posts BB code is On Smilies are On [IMG] code is On HTML code is Off Trackbacks are Off Pingbacks are Off Refbacks are On Forum Rules All times are GMT -5. The time now is 04 57 PM . Forum search by Digital Point RedFlagDeals.com Home Top Advertisers Advertise on RedFlagDeals.com Advertise on Deal of the Day About us About RedFlagDeals.com Contact us Help Blog Press Careers Follow us on Twitter Facebook fan page Terms and conditions Privacy policy Quick links Deals Coupons Financial Forums Mobile, tools and more RedFlagDeals.com for mobile Tools RSS feeds Store ratings Newsletter Our partners Canada411.ca CanadaPlus.ca Deal of the Day Employment News Home and D cor HomeTRADER.ca Hospital News LesPAC Fran ais Mediative.ca PriceCanada.com Restaurantica YellowPages.ca Popular Merchants Apple Bed Bath and Beyond Best Buy Canadian Tire Dominos Pizza Hertz Rent A Car Pier1 Import Princess Auto Scotiabank Toys R Us see more top merchants Popular Categories All Regions Apparel Travel Computers & Electronics Home & Garden Restaurants see more Canadian Cities Burnaby Calgary Charlottetown Halifax Hamilton Kelowna Kitchener Mississauga Montr al Ottawa Qu bec City Regina Saint John Saskatoon Surrey Toronto Vancouver Victoria Winnipeg or choose another city Copyright 2000 - RedFlagDeals.com. All rights reserved. Terms of Use , Privacy Policy Yellow Pages Group and the Walking fingers design logo are trademarks of Yellow Pages Group Co. in Canada.')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00158', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en"> login Forums Deals & Freebies Hot Deals Group Deals Request-A-Deal Shopping Discussion Freebies Contests Expired Offers RedFlagDeals.com Buy, Sell, and Trading Post Buy, Sell, and Trading Post Site Related The Welcome to RedFlagDeals.com Forum Site Comments & Suggestions Discussion Careers Computers & Electronics Entertainment Entrepreneurship & Small Business Fashion & Apparel Food & Drink Green / Eco-Friendly Home & Garden Motor Vehicles & Accessories Parenting Personal Finance Pets Students Sports & Fitness Travel Off Topic Archives Past Promotions/Archives Mark Forums Read Don\'t want to use the mobile version Try the standard version of RedFlagDeals.com Copyright 2000 - 2010 RedFlagDeals.com . All rights reserved. Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Yellow Pages Group and the Walking fingers design logo are trademarks of Yellow Pages Group Co. in Canada.')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00159', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en"> login Forums Hot Deals [Parents] Toronto Zoo - free for kids w/valentines. Feb 11/12 Page 1 of 1 pm source February 11 & February 12 The Zoo Loves YOU! Celebrate Valentine\'s Day with your favourite striped, spotted and furry friends at Toronto Zoo. Children 12 and under, who bring a valentine for their favourite WILD friend get in FREE maximum of two children per adult . Posted by sprung at 07 28 AM Feb 10th, 2012 Back to Hot Deals Don\'t want to use the mobile version Try the standard version of RedFlagDeals.com Copyright 2000 - 2010 RedFlagDeals.com . All rights reserved. Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Yellow Pages Group and the Walking fingers design logo are trademarks of Yellow Pages Group Co. in Canada.')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00160', "> Remember me Contact Us Get Early Access I Don't have Twitter Serendip will not post anything to Twitter unless you approve it first - Nancy Messieh, TheNextWeb Follow @srndp")
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00161', '> Remember me Contact Us I Don\'t have Twitter Serendip will not post anything to Twitter unless you approve it first You\'re Listening to "The Breeders - CannonBall" shared by @odaskal Follow @srndp')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00162', '> Remember me Contact Us I Don\'t have Twitter Serendip will not post anything to Twitter unless you approve it first You\'re Listening to "Feist - The Limit to your Love" shared by @aconomika Follow @srndp')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00163', 'dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> The Scientist News & Opinion The Nutshell Multimedia Videos Slideshows Infographics Sponsored Multimedia Subjects Cell & Molecular Biology Culture Developmental Biology Disease/Medicine Ecology Evolution Genetics & Genomics Microbiology Neuroscience Immunology Physiology Techniques Surveys Best Places to Work Labby Awards Salary Survey Top 10 Innovations Magazine Current Issue Archive Issues Capsule Reviews Careers Articles Job Listings Critic At Large Editorial Features Foundations Lab Tools Modus Operandi Notebook Profile Scientist to Watch Speaking of Science Thought Experiment The Literature Reading Frames Bio Business Contributors News & Opinion Cell Change Up Imaging cell cytoskeletons during early embryonic development leads researchers to uncover a new regulator of cell shape By Cristina Luiggi | February 9, 2012 C. elegans embryonic cells with plasma membranes in purple and myosin motors in yellow. The embryo has 26 cells at this stage, and two of the cells are about to become internalized, moving from the surface to the interior. Goldstein lab, UNC Chapel Hil Cytoskeletal contractions during embryonic development occur long before there are any visible changes in cell shape, suggesting something other than actin and myosin contractions trigger the morphogenetic changes that result in the formation of multilayered embryos from single layers of cells, according to new research. In a paper published today February 9 in Science , a research team led by developmental biologist Bob Goldstein at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, presented evidence that the cellular changes that initiate the formation of germ layers are triggered by a novel molecular clutch, which anchors the continually contracting network of actomyosin in cells to contact points on neighboring cells. In the past couple of years, with the imaging and microscopy that s being done, people are really starting to appreciate that this process can be really dynamic, said Adam Martin, a developmental biologist at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology who was not involved in the research. What this study really shows is that you can regulate contractility at the tissue level by regulating the attachment between this contractile machine and the attachment between neighboring cells. In the model worm, Caenorhabditis elegans , the process of gastrulation when the three germ layers that will give rise to all the tissues and organs become properly positioned begins around 90 minutes after the first cell division, when two cells out of a single layer of 26 begin to shrink on one side and squeeze past their neighboring cells toward the center of the embryo. Goldstein s former graduate student, Minna Roh-Johnson, initially wanted to visualize the cytoskeletons of C. elegans during this process. However, Goldstein was skeptical that Roh-Johnson would learn anything from such an endeavor. I just assumed that we d look at the actin and myosin and at these cell surfaces shrinking and we d see everything moving at once and we d be none the wiser, Goldstein recalled. Cells internalizing from the surface of a em>C. elegans /em> embryo. The outer surface of two internalizing cells are shown in blue; the myosin motors in green; and the plasma membranes in red. span>Goldstein lab, UNC Chapel Hill /span> But Roh-Johnson proceeded, using spinning disk confocal microscopy to visualize cells with a fluorescently labeled cell membrane and myosin particles. As expected, she observed the actomyosin networks of the two cells flex and shrink as their outer surfaces began constricting. However, when she watched the cells before any change in cell shape began, she was surprised to see similar contractions in their cytoskeletons. I kept looking earlier and earlier thinking the contractions would stop at some point, but they didn t, she said. Right when these cells are born they already had these movements occurring, which was very unexpected. Not only was the cell s actin myosin meshwork pulsating, shrinking, and remodeling itself for more than 20 minutes before any changes in cell shapes were visible, it was also doing so at speeds similar to those that occur when the cell does begin to change shape. By cutting into the actin myosin meshwork using a UV laser beam and then measuring the speed at which the network recoiled, the researchers also determined that the tensile strength of the network was just as strong at earlier time points before gastrulation. Labeling the outer surface of the cell membranes with quantum dots revealed that they were as dynamic as the cytoskeletons, moving along with every contraction. Instead, what changed over time was that the cytoskeletal movements of the two worm cells became increasingly linked with the movements of the contact zones shared with neighboring cells. It is this gradual coupling of the actomyosin network with specific cell adhesion points that seems to trigger the shrinking of the cells outer surfaces, allowing the cells to squeeze into the center of the embryo. As these networks are coming in they re not attached to the cell-cell borders, Goldstein explained. Instead, we speculate that there s something in between that functions sort of as a clutch. Although this molecular clutch remains to be characterized, the researcher found that knocking down certain proteins, such as cadherin, which is involved in cell adhesion, and Rac, which is involved in intracellular signaling, disrupts the process. Because this mechanism is conserved in Drosophila melanogaster, Goldstein believes it might extend to other higher organisms and may underlie the formation and closure of the human neural tube failure of which is a common birth defect. M. Roh-Johnson, et. al., Triggering a cell shape change by exploiting preexisting actomyosin contractions, Science, doi 10.1126/science.1217869, 2012. Tags actin , cell & molecular biology , cytoskeleton , developmental biology , myosin Related Articles Cancer s First Step By Megan Scudellari A single mutant cell breaks free of its neighbors in the early stages of cancer development. Brain Proteins May Be Key to Aging By Bob Grant Deterioration of long-lived proteins on the surface of neuronal nuclei in the brain could lead to age-related defects in nervous function. Sex, Deconstructed By Megan Scudellari Hormones in the brain control sex-specific behaviors by activating individual genetic programs. Follow The Scientist Popular Posts Occupy Elsevier Cancer s First Step Color Explosion Opinion No Objections to Nano Satellites Spy on Fish Farms Current Issue View the February 2012 Contents Featured Comment Inverse parabola biotechs aren t anything new with 2011. Failure is an interesting word in the medtech industry. One doesn t just need to disappear to fail miserably compared to the recent past. Paul Stein , The Companies that Failed Get The Scientist Subscribe to the Magazine Current print issue Umlimited online access Special offers on boosk and more Subscribe Register for FREE Online Access Best Places to Work and Salary surveys Daily news emails Full archive Register 1986-2012 The Scientist Home News & Opinion The Nutshell Multimedia Magazine Advertise About & Contact Privacy Policy Job Listings Subscribe Archive Now Part of the LabX Media Group Lab Manager Magazine | LabX | LabWrench')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00164', 'dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> The Scientist News & Opinion The Nutshell Multimedia Videos Slideshows Infographics Sponsored Multimedia Subjects Cell & Molecular Biology Culture Developmental Biology Disease/Medicine Ecology Evolution Genetics & Genomics Microbiology Neuroscience Immunology Physiology Techniques Surveys Best Places to Work Labby Awards Salary Survey Top 10 Innovations Magazine Current Issue Archive Issues Capsule Reviews Careers Articles Job Listings Critic At Large Editorial Features Foundations Lab Tools Modus Operandi Notebook Profile Scientist to Watch Speaking of Science Thought Experiment The Literature Reading Frames Bio Business Contributors The Nutshell How the Zebra Got Its Stripes Zebras may have evolved their striped coat to avoid blood-sucking flies. By Jef Akst | February 9, 2012 Wikimedia Commons, John Storr Many a fable and tale propose preposterous theories about how the zebra got its stripes, but now science has finally provided a possible answer. According to new research published in the Journal of Experimental Biology , zebras black-and-white coloration helps protect the equids from blood-sucking horseflies, which find the stripes unattractive. It s all about how light is reflected, Susanne Akesson from Lund University told BBC Nature . Akesson found that light reflected off black and brown horses is horizontally polarized, which was very attractive to flies. From a white coat, you get unpolarized light, she explained, which doesn t adhere to a specific plane. This the flies find less attractive. Given the flies penchant for dark coats, Akesson and her colleagues wondered how zebras might fare. They placed boards that were all black, all white, and black-and-white striped in a field , covered them with insect glue, then counted the number of flies that got stuck to each. Strikingly, the striped board that most closely represented a zebra s stripes had the fewest flies. That was a surprise because, in a striped pattern, you still have these dark areas that are reflecting horizontally polarized light, Akesson told BBC . But the narrower and more zebra-like the stripes, the less attractive they were to the flies. The team also put the fly-glue on three differently colored 3-dimensional horse models. Once again, the striped model attracted the fewest flies. But whether or not the flies are the true reason for the zebras stripes remains to be seen. Above all, for this explanation to be true, the authors would have to show that tabanid fly bites are a major selection pressure on zebras, but not on horses and donkeys found elsewhere in the world none of which are stripy, evolutionary biologist Matthew Cob of the University of Manchester told BBC . My hunch is that there is not a single explanation and that many factors are involved in the zebra s stripes. Previous Nutshell Next Nutshell Tags color , evolution , natural selection , pattern , selection , stripes , zebras Related Articles Peppered Moths Re-examined By Cristina Luiggi The textbook example of Darwinian evolution is tested and confirmed. Indiana s Creationism Bill a No-Go By Cristina Luiggi Support for legislation that would allow creationism and other religious views to be taught alongside evolution in science classrooms wanes in the state s House of Representatives. Indiana Senate Backs Creationism Bill By Cristina Luiggi Origin of life theories from a wide range of religions may be taught alongside evolution in the state. Follow The Scientist Popular Posts Occupy Elsevier Cancer s First Step Color Explosion Opinion No Objections to Nano Satellites Spy on Fish Farms Current Issue View the February 2012 Contents Featured Comment Further enmeshing of Pharma and universities. Pharma-led, ghost-written studies are now the norm, rendering true scientific inquiry a thing of the past in short order. Truly depressing. Carrie Millerman Elsass , Universities Roll-back Pharma s Fees Get The Scientist Subscribe to the Magazine Current print issue Umlimited online access Special offers on boosk and more Subscribe Register for FREE Online Access Best Places to Work and Salary surveys Daily news emails Full archive Register 1986-2012 The Scientist Home News & Opinion The Nutshell Multimedia Magazine Advertise About & Contact Privacy Policy Job Listings Subscribe Archive Now Part of the LabX Media Group Lab Manager Magazine | LabX | LabWrench')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00165', 'dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> The Scientist News & Opinion The Nutshell Multimedia Videos Slideshows Infographics Sponsored Multimedia Subjects Cell & Molecular Biology Culture Developmental Biology Disease/Medicine Ecology Evolution Genetics & Genomics Microbiology Neuroscience Immunology Physiology Techniques Surveys Best Places to Work Labby Awards Salary Survey Top 10 Innovations Magazine Current Issue Archive Issues Capsule Reviews Careers Articles Job Listings Critic At Large Editorial Features Foundations Lab Tools Modus Operandi Notebook Profile Scientist to Watch Speaking of Science Thought Experiment The Literature Reading Frames Bio Business Contributors The Nutshell Comment on New NIH Center Input lines are open for the National Institute of Substance Use and Addiction Disorders. By Megan Scudellari | February 10, 2012 NIH Campus The National Institutes of Health is seeking input from the scientific community on the new National Institute of Substance Use and Addiction Disorders working title , scheduled to open in 2014. The proposed institute is the result of a November 2010 recommendation from the Scientific Management Review Board that the NIH should reorganize all substance use, abuse, and addiction-related research at the Institutes. Both the National Institute on Drug Abuse and the National Institute on Alcohol Abuse and Alcoholism will be dissolved and their research programs folded into the new institute. The NIH is asking for comments about potential scientific opportunities and public health needs that should be included in the new Institute s strategic plan. Those comments can be submitted electronically , and will be accepted through May 11, 2012. The NIH will also conduct a series of public meetings to discuss the new Institute, which will be posted on the NIH s feedback website . Previous Nutshell Tags abuse , addiction , center , drug , neuroscience , NIH Related Articles Obama Promises $156 Million to Alzheimer s By Hannah Waters The president s administration will increase funding for the debilitating neurodegenerative disease this year and next. But where will the money come from Brain Proteins May Be Key to Aging By Bob Grant Deterioration of long-lived proteins on the surface of neuronal nuclei in the brain could lead to age-related defects in nervous function. Sex, Deconstructed By Megan Scudellari Hormones in the brain control sex-specific behaviors by activating individual genetic programs. Follow The Scientist Popular Posts Occupy Elsevier Cancer s First Step Color Explosion Opinion No Objections to Nano Satellites Spy on Fish Farms Current Issue View the February 2012 Contents Featured Comment You can tell what is in sausage by reading at the label, analyzing the contents or watching it be made. Suspect anyone who tells you to just trust the label. Mr. Fever Head , Top Science Scandals of 2011 Get The Scientist Subscribe to the Magazine Current print issue Umlimited online access Special offers on boosk and more Subscribe Register for FREE Online Access Best Places to Work and Salary surveys Daily news emails Full archive Register 1986-2012 The Scientist Home News & Opinion The Nutshell Multimedia Magazine Advertise About & Contact Privacy Policy Job Listings Subscribe Archive Now Part of the LabX Media Group Lab Manager Magazine | LabX | LabWrench')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00166', 'dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> The Scientist News & Opinion The Nutshell Multimedia Videos Slideshows Infographics Sponsored Multimedia Subjects Cell & Molecular Biology Culture Developmental Biology Disease/Medicine Ecology Evolution Genetics & Genomics Microbiology Neuroscience Immunology Physiology Techniques Surveys Best Places to Work Labby Awards Salary Survey Top 10 Innovations Magazine Current Issue Archive Issues Capsule Reviews Careers Articles Job Listings Critic At Large Editorial Features Foundations Lab Tools Modus Operandi Notebook Profile Scientist to Watch Speaking of Science Thought Experiment The Literature Reading Frames Bio Business Contributors News & Opinion Next Generation World s First Nano-ear A new device can detect sounds a million times fainter than the hearing threshold of the human ear. By Megan Scudellari | February 10, 2012 A newly developed method might be able to detect sound waves produced by bacteria and other nano and micro-objects Nanosystems Initiative Munich THE DEVICE If a bacterium belches in a petri dish, does anyone hear it In the January issue of Physical Review Letters , researchers at LMU Munich in Germany describe the world s tiniest ear an apparatus for the ultrasensitive detection of sound. By tracking the displacement of a levitating gold particle trapped in a focused laser beam, the team recorded the acoustic vibrations of nearby nanoparticles. The researchers were also able to determine from which direction the sound came. The researchers estimate the nano-ear can detect sound levels as low as -60 decibels, making the device a million times more sensitive than human hearing. The \'nano-ear\' span>Courtesy American Physical Society /span> WHAT S NEW Optical tweezers infrared lasers focused through an optical microscope to trap tiny objects are a standard tool used to study cells, metal particles, DNA, and more. Researchers can move the laser beam to pick up and manipulate these objects, studying their motion. But the LMU Munich team put the technique to a different use. We were wondering what happens if something disturbs this motion, for instance a sound wave, said first author Alexander Ohlinger . If it s possible to detect that disturbance, we could use [the optical tweezers] as a microphone. Ohlinger and colleagues tested their theory in two experiments. First, they recorded the trapped particle s response to a relatively strong sound source a needle vibrating on a loudspeaker. Next, they detected the significantly weaker acoustics of a patch of vibrating gold nanoparticles, being heated up by a laser see image above . In both instances, the acoustic waves were detected accurately. IMPORTANCE The nano-ear could open up a whole new field of acoustic microscopy, said Ohlinger. Using optical tweezers, scientists might be able to listen in on bacteria, viruses, and even cellular processes like DNA replication and mitosis. The technique is highly accessible, as all the tools that were used lasers, nanoparticles, a dark-field microscope, and an ordinary video camera to record the movement can be readily acquired by a lab, Ohlinger added. NEEDS IMPROVEMENT Before the technique can be applied to biological systems, however, work must be done to reduce the signal to noise ratio, said Lene Oddershede , head of the optical tweezers group at the University of Copenhagen, who was not involved in the study. When you re at the nanoscale, noise is a really big player. It s everywhere, she said. With the noise-to-signal ratio reported in the paper, these extraneous noises could affect the intended measurements. However, I do believe the signal-to-noise ratio can be improved, Oddershede said. The LMU Munich team is now performing studies applying the nano-ear to different systems, said Ohlinger. They would like to record the sound of micro-sized objects like cells, but first have to determine if the technique can record sound waves that are not periodic, as in their experiments, but random and messy. We have to refine our method, but in principle, we hope that it s possible to use in biology, said Ohlinger. This is all research in progress. A. Ohlinger, et al., Optically Trapped Gold Nanoparticle Enables Listening at the Microscale, Phys Rev Lett. , 108, 018101, 2012. Tags lasers , microbes , nanotechnology , optical tweezers , techniques Related Articles Opinion No Objections to Nano By Susanna Priest While biotechnology has met with mixed public reactions, to date nanotechnology seems to invoke much less public concern. RNA Chases Its Tail By Sabrina Richards New research suggests that circular RNA transcripts are not as rare as previously thought. Little Squirts By Amy Maxmen A road map to liquid-handling solutions on the market Follow The Scientist Popular Posts Occupy Elsevier Cancer s First Step Color Explosion Opinion No Objections to Nano Satellites Spy on Fish Farms Current Issue View the February 2012 Contents Featured Comment Inverse parabola biotechs aren t anything new with 2011. Failure is an interesting word in the medtech industry. One doesn t just need to disappear to fail miserably compared to the recent past. Paul Stein , The Companies that Failed Get The Scientist Subscribe to the Magazine Current print issue Umlimited online access Special offers on boosk and more Subscribe Register for FREE Online Access Best Places to Work and Salary surveys Daily news emails Full archive Register 1986-2012 The Scientist Home News & Opinion The Nutshell Multimedia Magazine Advertise About & Contact Privacy Policy Job Listings Subscribe Archive Now Part of the LabX Media Group Lab Manager Magazine | LabX | LabWrench')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00168', 'class "iem7" lang "en" dir "ltr">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00169', 'class "iem7" lang "en" dir "ltr">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00170', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml lang "en" lang "en"> United States United States India United kingdom Canada Home My Page Arts & Media Business Politics Sports Entertainment Donald Glover DonaldGlover Mindy Kaling mindykaling Conversation @mindykaling you\'re fly. Can we be home girls 4 weeks ago reply retweet share DonaldGlover Donald Glover @DonaldGlover is the best. 4 weeks ago reply retweet share mindykaling Mindy Kaling Donald Glover\'s conversations joelmchale Joel McHale Proud Mom 19 Tweets exchanged AndyMilonakis Andy Milonakis I\'m clean & dope like heroin.. 8 Tweets exchanged GillianJacobs Gillian Jacobs 5 Tweets exchanged yvettenbrown yvette nicole brown Shirley on Community. Helen .. 4 Tweets exchanged Mindy Kaling\'s Conversations rainnwilson RainnWilson I am an actor and a writer a.. 12 Tweets exchanged ZooeyDeschanel zooey deschanel where do I begin www.hello.. 9 Tweets exchanged bjnovak B.J. Novak One time Larry David was sea.. 8 Tweets exchanged samantharonson samantha ronson Don\'t be mad, UPS is hiring. 4 Tweets exchanged Legal Disclaimer | Terms and Conditions | Privacy Policy 2012 Tweetwood')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00172', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml lang "en" lang "en"> United States United States India United kingdom Canada Home My Page Arts & Media Business Politics Sports Entertainment new 3650 Tweets 1224 Celebrities International United States mclyte Mc Lyte Pls download the new @theGrammys LIVE app for all the latest Grammy info http //t.co/YOps3Pd4 4 minutes ago Share Retweet Reply TEYANATAYLOR Teyana M.j. Taylor Whoever can twerk the best to me and @HoneyLKCocaine new song "bad boy" we\'ll use the winner in our video!! 7 minutes ago Share Retweet Reply RickyRo24 Ricky Romero So what u guys think of the new commercial If u haven\'t seen it here\'s the link check it out http //t.co/hDGStgrr #PerfectionNeverRests 15 minutes ago Share Retweet Reply JeriLRyan Jeri Ryan sigh OK, ok... Reposting earlier tweet WITH NEW LINK. Happy now sheesh... ;- 29 minutes ago Share Retweet Reply WhipHoyer Steny Hoyer Important op-ed from my friend @TX20CharlieG on how new voter ID laws disenfranchise Americans #votingrights http //t.co/nSWcSt0h 31 minutes ago Share Retweet Reply MATTHARDYBRAND Matt Hardy TWO new YouTube entries just went up! Check \'em out! http //t.co/nJVM71qq 38 minutes ago Share Retweet Reply jennettemccurdy Jennette Mccurdy As a thank you for your patience & support, head to http //t.co/NgBPIZ1s to find out how u can get a free download of a brand new track! 48 minutes ago Share Retweet Reply PeterGuber Peter Guber . @HuffingtonPost regular @agapisays in her new book-shares 32 personal stories& a journey of inner exploration http //t.co/gAcXkEbK 1 hour ago Share Retweet Reply JRsBBQ Jim Ross Great memories. New blog re Curt upcoming. RT @gabehurl Thoughts on Curt Hennig Nine years go today. @JRsBBQ 1 hour ago Share Retweet Reply DonnieWahlberg Donnie Wahlberg Loving that we have more All New #BLUEBLOODS coming tonight, and the next few Fridays!!!!! BLUE BLOODS FRIDAYS in FEBRUARY!!!! 1 hour ago Share Retweet Reply 141 international celebrities tweeted about this trend Related Trends Trends 50cent amazing autographs ballin Christmas cincy ding ding episode giant Giants good luck Happy happy new year lots of love Celebrities US Celebrities mentioning the trend new International Celebrities mentioning the trend new Statistics Twitter Trends for new 50 30 10 0 Feb 4 Feb 7 Feb 9 Feb 10 Legal Disclaimer | Terms and Conditions | Privacy Policy 2012 Tweetwood')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00173', 'lang "pt_BR"> x /body> /html>')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00174', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns og "http //opengraphprotocol.org/schema/" xmlns fb "http //www.facebook.com/2008/fbml"> Tweet Follow Us on Facebook Get updates from AllFreeCrochet.com posted directly to your News Feed. My Crochet Patterns My Newsletters Log In Register Now Site Map RSS Bookmark Afghans Basics Free eBooks Holiday Crochet Reviews & Giveaways Tutorials Crochet Store Categories Accessories Afghans Amigurumi Angels Baby Back to School Crochet Bags Basics Bath Bookmarks Children Crochet Companies Crochet Designer Crochet for Charity Crochet for Men Crochet for Pets Crochet Monthly Favorites Crochet Reviews Doilies Flowers Gloves and Mittens Hats Holiday Crochet Home Decorating Kitchen and Dining Miscellaneous Crochet Scarves Seasonal Crochet Shawls Socks and Slippers Sweaters Tips for Crochet Tops Tutorials Wedding Crochet Roxy Em Spool of Yarn Tower Giveaway Roxy Em Spool of Yarn Tower Gifted By Roxy Em Enterprises Reviewed by Christine Weiher, editor for AllFreeCrochet.com I know there have been plenty of times when I grab my yarn from the wrong end, which eventually turns into a big tangle of a mess. Trying to detangle yarn is not a fun task and sometimes you just can\'t figure it out without cutting it with scissors. With this new Roxy Em Spool of Yarn Tower from Roxy Em Enterprises, your yarn will no longer tangle. Read the full review . Win a Roxy Em Spool of Yarn Tower! We are giving away one Roxy Em Spool of Yarn Tower. The deadline to enter is February 15, 2012 at 11 59 59 p.m. Eastern Time. We ll send an email to the winner , so please check to make sure your email address is entered correctly. You ll get an extra entry for EACH of the following that\'s THREE free extra entries If you blog about this giveaway at your blog or add a link to us on your blogroll or website, we ll give you an extra entry. Send us the link to your blog post . If you tweet about this giveaway on Twitter , you ll get an extra entry. Please see below to easily share this contest on Twitter. If you add a link to us on your blogroll or website, we ll give you an extra entry. Again, please show us that link ! If you post a link to this contest on your Facebook page on your wall, we\'ll give you an extra entry. Please see below to easily share this contest on Facebook and earn an extra contest entry. Contest ends February 15, 2012. You can enter once daily, so return often to improve your chances of winning ! Roxy Em Spool of Yarn Tower Giveaway Enter to Win This Today! First Name Last Name Address City State/Province Alabama Alaska Alberta Arizona Arkansas British Columbia California Colorado Connecticut Delaware District of Columbia Florida Georgia Hawaii Idaho Illinois Indiana Iowa Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Maine Manitoba Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Minnesota Mississippi Missouri Montana Nebraska Nevada New Brunswick New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico New York Newfoundland and Labrador North Carolina North Dakota Northwest Territories Nova Scotia Nunavut Ohio Oklahoma Ontario Oregon Pennsylvania Prince Edward Island Quebec Rhode Island Saskatchewan South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Texas Utah Vermont Virginia Washington West Virginia Wisconsin Wyoming Yukon Zip Email Sign up for the newsletter today, so you don\'t miss out on any more hot topics, fabulous crochet patterns and fun discussions. Share this contest on Facebook and earn an extra contest entry. Click here to open Facebook in a new window Share this contest on Twitter and earn an extra contest entry. Click here to open Twitter in a new window The Facebook and Twitter share feature will open a new window in your browser. Please turn off any popup blockers or allow this site to open popups. [ Close ] Official Rules The Roxy Em Spool of Yarn Tower Promotion # 742 . Prizes courtesy of Roxy Em Enterprises \'Provider of Prizes\' No purchase necessary to enter or win. Product purchase will not enhance chances of winning a prize. 1. ELIGIBILITY The Product Review and Book Review sweepstakes/giveaways, collectively known as the "Promotions", are offered and open only to legal residents of United States and its territories except residents of Puerto Rico and Canada except residents of Quebec at least 13 years old at the time of entry. Employees and directors of Prime Publishing LLC, affiliated and subsidiary companies, advertising and promotion agencies, judges and legal advisors, and the immediate family parent, child, sibling and spouse of each or members of the households of such employees and directors are not eligible. By entering, you and your parents and legal guardians if you are a minor agree to these "Official Rules" and that the decisions of Sponsor and Prime Publishing LLC are final and binding in all respects. Void in Puerto Rico, the Province of Quebec and where prohibited. 2. PROMOTIONAL PERIOD Promotional period begins on February 1, 2011 at 12 00 00 a.m. Eastern Time ET , and ends on February 15, 2011 at 12 00 00 p.m. ET. 3. TERMS You may enter up to one 1 email addresses per day. Please have the email sent only to those persons with whom you have either personal or professional relationships and that you feel would be interested in hearing about AllFreeCrochet.com. Should you provide Sponsor with invalid or ineligible email addresses, you may lose the entry earned for this email address. Further, provide only one 1 valid email address for any person; if a person has more than one 1 email address, provide only one of their email addresses. Sponsor\'s computer system shall be the official computer for the random selection of winners. Winners, and the prizes won by each winner, will be determined by a random drawing. Failure to claim a prize within fourteen 14 days of the date on which the prize is awarded shall result in forfeiture of the prize. You are eligible to win a AllFreeCrochet.com Sweepstakes only once every six month. Only one winner per household is permitted in any sweepstakes. You are eligible to win a prize valued at $300.00 or more only once twelve months. 4. PRIZES/ ODDS The prizes offered in the Promotion, along with the odds of winning and the approximate prize value for the prizes, are as follows To be declared a winner for any of the prizes offered through the Promotion, a potential winner from Canada will be required to correctly answer, without assistance of any kind, whether mechanical or otherwise, a 4-function mathematical skill-testing question in no more than 5 minutes, the test to be administered by telephone. If a potential winner from Canada cannot be contacted and the skill test administered within seven 7 days of notification, or the question is not correctly answered, the prize will be forfeited. Canadian residents may be subject to withholding taxes, and Canadian residents are responsible for the reporting and payment of any income taxes. TAXES ARE THE SOLE RESPONSIBILTY OF WINNER. CANADIAN RESIDENTS MAY BE SUBJECT TO WITHHOLDING TAXES AND CANADIAN RESIDENTS ARE RESPONSIBLE FOR THE REPORTING ANY PAYMENT OF ANY INCOME TAXES. 5. PLAYING CONDITIONS Sponsor reserves the right to investigate and verify any prize winner and disqualify any winner who it finds, in its sole judgment, has not complied with these Official Rules Winner and verification determinations are made by Sponsor, whose decisions are final and binding in all respects. Alternate Method of Entry You may submit one entry per day by mail to Promotion # ___ see above c/o Prime Publishing LLC, 3400 Dundee Road, Northbrook, IL 60062. 6. GENERAL CONDITIONS Winners may be required to complete, execute and return an Affidavit of Eligibility, a Liability Release, and where lawful, a Publicity Release within seven 7 days of notification in a form provided by Sponsor. Failure to return documents timely, or if prize notification or prize is returned as non-deliverable, or if Winner is found not to be in compliance with these Official Rules or otherwise ineligible, may result in disqualification with an alternate Winner selected. Where permitted by law, you hereby give permission to Sponsor and its respective parent companies, distributors, affiliates, subsidiaries, officers, vendors, advertising agencies and promotion agencies and their respective directors, officers, employees, representatives and agents permission to use, reproduce, exhibit, display, print, distribute, publish and broadcast, without any obligation to compensate you, your name, city/state, picture, portrait, likeness, voice, biography, and winner\'s statement, contained in, or relating to, your entry in the Promotion in any and all advertising marketing and promotional materials, worldwide in any media now known or hereafter developed, including but not limited to the world wide web, except where prohibited by law, and without notice, approval or review by you. Where permitted by law, you, and on behalf of your heirs, executors, administrators and assigns, agree to release and hold harmless Sponsor, Prime Publishing, LLC and their parent companies, distributors, affiliates, subsidiaries, officers, vendors, advertising agencies and promotion agencies, and each of their respective directors, officers, employees, representatives and agents from any and all liability for, or relating to, any and all rights, claims and causes of action whatsoever that you may have, or which may arise, against any of the foregoing for any matter or cause whatsoever, including without limitation, any injuries, loss or damage of any kind, whether direct or compensatory, incidental, consequential or otherwise to any person, including death, and property damage, arising in whole or in part, directly or indirectly, from acceptance, possession, use or misuse of the Prize, your participation in any Promotion-related activity, or your participation in the Promotion. Sponsor reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to disqualify any individual it finds, in its sole discretion, to be tampering with the entry process or the operation of the Promotion or the Website; to be in violation of the Terms of Service of the Website; to be acting in violation of the Official Rules; to be acting in a non-sportsmanlike or disruptive manner, or with intent to annoy, abuse, threaten or harass any other person. Any use of robotic, automatic, macro, programmed or like entry methods will void all such entries by such methods and persons using any such methods will be disqualified. Each entry submission must be manually key stroked and manually entered by the individual entrant; automated and/or repetitive electronic submission of entries including but not limited to entries made using any script, macro, bot or sweepstakes service will be disqualified and transmissions from these or related email or IP addresses may be blocked. The accumulation of coins generated through robotic, automatic, macro, or like methods is also strictly prohibited, regardless of whether the Automated Cheat was used in connection with your account. CAUTION ANY ATTEMPT BY A USER OR ENTRANT OR ANY OTHER INDIVIDUAL TO DELIBERATELY DAMAGE ANY WEB SITE OR UNDERMINE THE LEGITIMATE OPERATION OF THE SWEEPSTAKES IS A VIOLATION OF CRIMINAL AND CIVIL LAWS AND SHOULD SUCH AN ATTEMPT BE MADE, SPONSOR RESERVES THE RIGHT TO SEEK DAMAGES AND COSTS INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, ATTORNEYS\' FEES FROM ANY SUCH PERSON TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW. If for any reason this Promotion is not capable of running as planned due to infection by computer virus, bugs, tampering, unauthorized intervention, fraud, technical failures, or any other causes which, in the sole opinion of Sponsor, corrupt or affect the administration, security, fairness, integrity, or proper conduct of this Promotion, Sponsor reserves the right to cancel, terminate, modify or suspend the Promotion. If the Promotion is terminated due to tampering or technical difficulties prior to its expiration date, notice will be posted at http //www.allfreesewing.com ANY ATTEMPT TO DELIBERATELY DAMAGE ANY WEBSITE OR UNDERMINE THE LEGITIMATE OPERATION OF THE PROMOTION MAY BE A VIOLATION OF CRIMINAL AND CIVIL LAWS, AND SHOULD SUCH AN ATTEMPT BE MADE, SPONSOR RESERVES THE RIGHT TO SEEK DAMAGES OR OTHER REMEDIES FROM THOSE RESPONSIBLE TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW. 7. LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY SPONSOR DOES NOT ASSUME RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY ERROR, OMISSION, INTERRUPTION, DELETION, DEFECT, DELAY IN OPERATION OR TRANSMISSION, COMMUNICATIONS LINE FAILURE, THEFT OR DESTRUCTION OR UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO ITS WEBSITES. SPONSOR IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY PROBLEMS OR TECHNICAL MALFUNCTION OF ANY TELEPHONE NETWORK OR TELEPHONE LINES, COMPUTER ON-LINE SYSTEMS, SERVERS, COMPUTER EQUIPMENT, SOFTWARE, FAILURE OF ANY E-MAIL OR ENTRY TO BE RECEIVED BY SPONSOR ON ACCOUNT OF TECHNICAL PROBLEMS, HUMAN ERROR OR TRAFFIC CONGESTION ON THE INTERNET OR AT ANY WEBSITE, OR ANY COMBINATION THEREOF. SPONSOR IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY INCORRECT OR INACCURATE CAPTURE OF INFORMATION OR THE FAILURE TO CAPTURE SUCH INFORMATION, WHETHER CAUSED BY WEBSITE USERS, TAMPERING OR HACKING, OR BY ANY OF THE EQUIPMENT OR PROGRAMMING ASSOCIATED WITH OR UTILIZED IN THE PROMOTION. SPONSOR IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR INJURY OR DAMAGE TO PARTICIPANTS\' OR TO ANY OTHER PERSON\'S COMPUTER RELATED TO OR RESULTING FROM PARTICIPATING IN THIS PROMOTION OR DOWNLOADING MATERIALS FROM OR USE OF THE WEBSITE. IN NO EVENT WILL SPONSOR, PRIME PUBLISHING LLC OR THEIR PARENT COMPANIES, DISTRIBUTORS, AFFILIATES, SUBSIDIARIES, OFFICERS, VENDORS, ADVERTISING AGENCIES AND PROMOTION AGENCIES AND EACH OF THEIR RESPECTIVE DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, REPRESENTATIVES AND AGENTS, BE RESPONSIBLE OR LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES OR LOSSES OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF YOUR PARTICIPATION IN THIS PROMOTION, ACCESS TO AND USE OF THE WEBSITE OR THE DOWNLOADING FROM AND/OR PRINTING MATERIAL DOWNLOADED FROM THE WEBSITE. WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, EVERYTHING ON THE WEBSITE AND IN THIS PROMOTION IS PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. SOME JURISDICTIONS MAY NOT ALLOW THE LIMITATIONS OR EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY FOR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES SO SOME OF THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS OR EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. CHECK YOUR LOCAL LAWS FOR ANY RESTRICTIONS OR LIMITATIONS REGARDING THESE LIMITATIONS OR EXCLUSIONS. 8. DISPUTES As a condition of participating in this Promotion, you agree that any and all disputes which cannot be resolved between the parties, claims and causes of action arising out of or connected with this Promotion, or any prizes awarded, or the determination of the Winner shall be resolved individually, without resort to any form of class action exclusively by arbitration pursuant to the commercial arbitration rules of the American Arbitration Association, then effective. Further, in any such dispute, under no circumstances will you be permitted to obtain awards for, and you hereby waive all rights to claim punitive, incidental or consequential damages, or any other damages, including attorneys\' fees, other than your actual out-of- pocket expenses i.e., costs associated with entering this Promotion , and you further waive all rights to have damages multiplied or increased. All issues and questions concerning the construction, validity, interpretation and enforceability of these Official Rules, or your rights and obligations or Sponsor\'s or Prime Publishing LLC\'s rights and obligations in connection with this Promotion, shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of Illinois, U.S.A., without giving effect to the conflict of laws rules thereof, and all proceedings shall take place in that State in the City of Northbrook, County of Cook. In the event of a dispute as to the identity of the Winner based on an e-mail address, the winning entry will be declared made by the authorized account holder of the e-mail address submitted at time of entry. "Authorized account holder" is defined as the natural person who is assigned to an e-mail address by an Internet access provider, on-line service provider or other organization e.g., business, educational, institution, etc. that is responsible for assigning e- mail addresses for the domain associated with the submitted e-mail address. 9. WINNERS LIST For name of winner\'s mail a self-addressed stamped envelope for receipt no later than 30 days after this Gift Basket promotion expires to Gift Basket Promotion # ___ see above c/o Prime Publishing LLC, 3400 Dundee Road, Northbrook, IL 60062. For Official Rules mail a self- addressed stamped envelope to the above address marked "GIFT BASKET OFFICIAL RULES" for receipt no later than 10 days before this Gift Basket promotion expires. Canadian residents may omit return postage for rule and winners list requests. The names of winners will also be posted at www.allfreesewing.com. 10. Sponsored by Prime Publishing LLC, 3400 Dundee Road, Northbrook, IL 60062. With special thanks to our \'Provider of Prizes\'. [ Close ] Alternate Entry Methods What\'s Hot Top Crochet Projects 90-Minute Scarves 13 Free Crochet Hat Patterns 10 Free Crochet Afghan Patterns + 2 Bonus Afghans 24 Beginner Crochet Hat Patterns 11 Free Crochet Baby Patterns + A Bonus Pattern Plarn \'n Yarn Pot Scrubber Soft Plush Sock Monkey Sweet Princess Cocoon-ghan 12 Free Crochet Shawl Patterns Red Valentine Roses My Crochet Patterns 0 View Something worth saving Register now for FREE to SAVE all your favorite patterns ADD personal notes QUICKLY reference your patterns Log In Join Us Today Forgot Password Free eBooks 16 Crochet Shawl Patterns 17 Popular Free Crochet Patterns Christmas Crochet Wreaths E-Book Easy Crochet Bag Patterns Guide To Free Crochet Patterns How To Crochet Granny Squares One Skein Patterns Crochet Made Simple We\'ve Got You Covered 25 Crochet and Knit Throws From Red Heart Yarns Connect with Us Find us online Contest Rules About Us Advertise Contact Us FAQs News Privacy Policy Terms of Service Subscribe Unsubscribe Terms of Service Submit Pattern Copyright 2012 Prime Publishing, LLC. All rights reserved. Copyright 2012 Prime Publishing, LLC. All rights reserved. www.allfreecrochet.com Log In to Your Account Register Now! Forgot Password Email Password Register Now! Log In Forgot Password Public/Display Name Optional This is the name that will appear alongside any reviews you create on the site. You can use letters, numbers and white space. First Name Last Name Email Password Confirm Password Forgot Your Password Log In Register Now! Enter your email address and we will send your password. Email ...')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00175', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns og "http //opengraphprotocol.org/schema/" xmlns fb "http //www.facebook.com/2008/fbml"> Tweet Follow Us on Facebook Get updates from AllFreeCrochet.com posted directly to your News Feed. My Crochet Patterns My Newsletters Log In Register Now Site Map RSS Bookmark Afghans Basics Free eBooks Holiday Crochet Reviews & Giveaways Tutorials Crochet Store Categories Accessories Afghans Amigurumi Angels Baby Back to School Crochet Bags Basics Bath Bookmarks Children Crochet Companies Crochet Designer Crochet for Charity Crochet for Men Crochet for Pets Crochet Monthly Favorites Crochet Reviews Doilies Flowers Gloves and Mittens Hats Holiday Crochet Home Decorating Kitchen and Dining Miscellaneous Crochet Scarves Seasonal Crochet Shawls Socks and Slippers Sweaters Tips for Crochet Tops Tutorials Wedding Crochet The Knook Beginner Set and Books from Leisure Arts The Knook Beginner Set with Books Learn to Knook, Simple Scarves, Urban Hats Gifted by Leisure Arts Reviewed by Christine Weiher, editor for AllFreeCrochet.com When I first saw the Knook closeup I had no idea what to think about it. You always hear about double ended knitting needles or a cro-hook for crochet, but have you ever seen an item that is half knitting and half crochet This is a neat little invention that will soon become your best friend. The Knook is a specialized crochet hook that has a cord threaded through a hole in the non-hook end. The cord holds the stitches while you work, allowing you to create a knitted fabric. Read the full review . Win a Knook Beginner Kit and three knook books! We are giving away one Knook Beginner Kit, a copy of Learn to Knook , a copy of Simple Scarves and a copy of Urban Hats . The deadline to enter is February 29, 2012 at 11 59 59 p.m. Eastern Time. We ll send an email to the winner , so please check to make sure your email address is entered correctly. You ll get an extra entry for EACH of the following that\'s FOUR free extra entries If you blog about this giveaway at your blog or add a link to us on your blogroll or website, we ll give you an extra entry. Send us the link to your blog post . If you tweet about this giveaway on Twitter , you ll get an extra entry. Please see below to easily share this contest on Twitter. If you add a link to us on your blogroll or website, we ll give you an extra entry. Again, please show us that link ! If you post a link to this contest on your Facebook page on your wall, we\'ll give you an extra entry. Please see below to easily share this contest on Facebook and earn an extra contest entry . Contest ends February 29, 2012. You can enter once daily, so return often to improve your chances of winning ! The Knook Beginner Set and Books from Leisure Arts Enter to Win This Today! First Name Last Name Address City State/Province Alabama Alaska Alberta Arizona Arkansas British Columbia California Colorado Connecticut Delaware District of Columbia Florida Georgia Hawaii Idaho Illinois Indiana Iowa Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Maine Manitoba Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Minnesota Mississippi Missouri Montana Nebraska Nevada New Brunswick New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico New York Newfoundland and Labrador North Carolina North Dakota Northwest Territories Nova Scotia Nunavut Ohio Oklahoma Ontario Oregon Pennsylvania Prince Edward Island Quebec Rhode Island Saskatchewan South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Texas Utah Vermont Virginia Washington West Virginia Wisconsin Wyoming Yukon Zip Email Sign up for the newsletter today, so you don\'t miss out on any more hot topics, fabulous crochet patterns and fun discussions. Share this contest on Facebook and earn an extra contest entry. Click here to open Facebook in a new window Share this contest on Twitter and earn an extra contest entry. Click here to open Twitter in a new window The Facebook and Twitter share feature will open a new window in your browser. Please turn off any popup blockers or allow this site to open popups. [ Close ] Official Rules The Knook Beginner Kit and Books Promotion # 765 . Prizes courtesy of Leisure Arts \'Provider of Prizes\' No purchase necessary to enter or win. Product purchase will not enhance chances of winning a prize. 1. ELIGIBILITY The Product Review and Book Review sweepstakes/giveaways, collectively known as the "Promotions", are offered and open only to legal residents of United States and its territories except residents of Puerto Rico and Canada except residents of Quebec at least 13 years old at the time of entry. Employees and directors of Prime Publishing LLC, affiliated and subsidiary companies, advertising and promotion agencies, judges and legal advisors, and the immediate family parent, child, sibling and spouse of each or members of the households of such employees and directors are not eligible. By entering, you and your parents and legal guardians if you are a minor agree to these "Official Rules" and that the decisions of Sponsor and Prime Publishing LLC are final and binding in all respects. Void in Puerto Rico, the Province of Quebec and where prohibited. 2. PROMOTIONAL PERIOD Promotional period begins on February 15, 2012 at 12 00 00 a.m. Eastern Time ET , and ends on February 29, 2012 at 12 00 00 p.m. ET. 3. TERMS You may enter up to one 1 email addresses per day. Please have the email sent only to those persons with whom you have either personal or professional relationships and that you feel would be interested in hearing about AllFreeCrochet.com. Should you provide Sponsor with invalid or ineligible email addresses, you may lose the entry earned for this email address. Further, provide only one 1 valid email address for any person; if a person has more than one 1 email address, provide only one of their email addresses. Sponsor\'s computer system shall be the official computer for the random selection of winners. Winners, and the prizes won by each winner, will be determined by a random drawing. Failure to claim a prize within fourteen 14 days of the date on which the prize is awarded shall result in forfeiture of the prize. You are eligible to win a AllFreeCrochet.com Sweepstakes only once every six month. Only one winner per household is permitted in any sweepstakes. You are eligible to win a prize valued at $300.00 or more only once twelve months. 4. PRIZES/ ODDS The prizes offered in the Promotion, along with the odds of winning and the approximate prize value for the prizes, are as follows To be declared a winner for any of the prizes offered through the Promotion, a potential winner from Canada will be required to correctly answer, without assistance of any kind, whether mechanical or otherwise, a 4-function mathematical skill-testing question in no more than 5 minutes, the test to be administered by telephone. If a potential winner from Canada cannot be contacted and the skill test administered within seven 7 days of notification, or the question is not correctly answered, the prize will be forfeited. Canadian residents may be subject to withholding taxes, and Canadian residents are responsible for the reporting and payment of any income taxes. TAXES ARE THE SOLE RESPONSIBILTY OF WINNER. CANADIAN RESIDENTS MAY BE SUBJECT TO WITHHOLDING TAXES AND CANADIAN RESIDENTS ARE RESPONSIBLE FOR THE REPORTING ANY PAYMENT OF ANY INCOME TAXES. 5. PLAYING CONDITIONS Sponsor reserves the right to investigate and verify any prize winner and disqualify any winner who it finds, in its sole judgment, has not complied with these Official Rules Winner and verification determinations are made by Sponsor, whose decisions are final and binding in all respects. Alternate Method of Entry You may submit one entry per day by mail to Promotion # ___ see above c/o Prime Publishing LLC, 3400 Dundee Road, Northbrook, IL 60062. 6. GENERAL CONDITIONS Winners may be required to complete, execute and return an Affidavit of Eligibility, a Liability Release, and where lawful, a Publicity Release within seven 7 days of notification in a form provided by Sponsor. Failure to return documents timely, or if prize notification or prize is returned as non-deliverable, or if Winner is found not to be in compliance with these Official Rules or otherwise ineligible, may result in disqualification with an alternate Winner selected. Where permitted by law, you hereby give permission to Sponsor and its respective parent companies, distributors, affiliates, subsidiaries, officers, vendors, advertising agencies and promotion agencies and their respective directors, officers, employees, representatives and agents permission to use, reproduce, exhibit, display, print, distribute, publish and broadcast, without any obligation to compensate you, your name, city/state, picture, portrait, likeness, voice, biography, and winner\'s statement, contained in, or relating to, your entry in the Promotion in any and all advertising marketing and promotional materials, worldwide in any media now known or hereafter developed, including but not limited to the world wide web, except where prohibited by law, and without notice, approval or review by you. Where permitted by law, you, and on behalf of your heirs, executors, administrators and assigns, agree to release and hold harmless Sponsor, Prime Publishing, LLC and their parent companies, distributors, affiliates, subsidiaries, officers, vendors, advertising agencies and promotion agencies, and each of their respective directors, officers, employees, representatives and agents from any and all liability for, or relating to, any and all rights, claims and causes of action whatsoever that you may have, or which may arise, against any of the foregoing for any matter or cause whatsoever, including without limitation, any injuries, loss or damage of any kind, whether direct or compensatory, incidental, consequential or otherwise to any person, including death, and property damage, arising in whole or in part, directly or indirectly, from acceptance, possession, use or misuse of the Prize, your participation in any Promotion-related activity, or your participation in the Promotion. Sponsor reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to disqualify any individual it finds, in its sole discretion, to be tampering with the entry process or the operation of the Promotion or the Website; to be in violation of the Terms of Service of the Website; to be acting in violation of the Official Rules; to be acting in a non-sportsmanlike or disruptive manner, or with intent to annoy, abuse, threaten or harass any other person. Any use of robotic, automatic, macro, programmed or like entry methods will void all such entries by such methods and persons using any such methods will be disqualified. Each entry submission must be manually key stroked and manually entered by the individual entrant; automated and/or repetitive electronic submission of entries including but not limited to entries made using any script, macro, bot or sweepstakes service will be disqualified and transmissions from these or related email or IP addresses may be blocked. The accumulation of coins generated through robotic, automatic, macro, or like methods is also strictly prohibited, regardless of whether the Automated Cheat was used in connection with your account. CAUTION ANY ATTEMPT BY A USER OR ENTRANT OR ANY OTHER INDIVIDUAL TO DELIBERATELY DAMAGE ANY WEB SITE OR UNDERMINE THE LEGITIMATE OPERATION OF THE SWEEPSTAKES IS A VIOLATION OF CRIMINAL AND CIVIL LAWS AND SHOULD SUCH AN ATTEMPT BE MADE, SPONSOR RESERVES THE RIGHT TO SEEK DAMAGES AND COSTS INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, ATTORNEYS\' FEES FROM ANY SUCH PERSON TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW. If for any reason this Promotion is not capable of running as planned due to infection by computer virus, bugs, tampering, unauthorized intervention, fraud, technical failures, or any other causes which, in the sole opinion of Sponsor, corrupt or affect the administration, security, fairness, integrity, or proper conduct of this Promotion, Sponsor reserves the right to cancel, terminate, modify or suspend the Promotion. If the Promotion is terminated due to tampering or technical difficulties prior to its expiration date, notice will be posted at http //www.allfreesewing.com ANY ATTEMPT TO DELIBERATELY DAMAGE ANY WEBSITE OR UNDERMINE THE LEGITIMATE OPERATION OF THE PROMOTION MAY BE A VIOLATION OF CRIMINAL AND CIVIL LAWS, AND SHOULD SUCH AN ATTEMPT BE MADE, SPONSOR RESERVES THE RIGHT TO SEEK DAMAGES OR OTHER REMEDIES FROM THOSE RESPONSIBLE TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW. 7. LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY SPONSOR DOES NOT ASSUME RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY ERROR, OMISSION, INTERRUPTION, DELETION, DEFECT, DELAY IN OPERATION OR TRANSMISSION, COMMUNICATIONS LINE FAILURE, THEFT OR DESTRUCTION OR UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO ITS WEBSITES. SPONSOR IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY PROBLEMS OR TECHNICAL MALFUNCTION OF ANY TELEPHONE NETWORK OR TELEPHONE LINES, COMPUTER ON-LINE SYSTEMS, SERVERS, COMPUTER EQUIPMENT, SOFTWARE, FAILURE OF ANY E-MAIL OR ENTRY TO BE RECEIVED BY SPONSOR ON ACCOUNT OF TECHNICAL PROBLEMS, HUMAN ERROR OR TRAFFIC CONGESTION ON THE INTERNET OR AT ANY WEBSITE, OR ANY COMBINATION THEREOF. SPONSOR IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY INCORRECT OR INACCURATE CAPTURE OF INFORMATION OR THE FAILURE TO CAPTURE SUCH INFORMATION, WHETHER CAUSED BY WEBSITE USERS, TAMPERING OR HACKING, OR BY ANY OF THE EQUIPMENT OR PROGRAMMING ASSOCIATED WITH OR UTILIZED IN THE PROMOTION. SPONSOR IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR INJURY OR DAMAGE TO PARTICIPANTS\' OR TO ANY OTHER PERSON\'S COMPUTER RELATED TO OR RESULTING FROM PARTICIPATING IN THIS PROMOTION OR DOWNLOADING MATERIALS FROM OR USE OF THE WEBSITE. IN NO EVENT WILL SPONSOR, PRIME PUBLISHING LLC OR THEIR PARENT COMPANIES, DISTRIBUTORS, AFFILIATES, SUBSIDIARIES, OFFICERS, VENDORS, ADVERTISING AGENCIES AND PROMOTION AGENCIES AND EACH OF THEIR RESPECTIVE DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, REPRESENTATIVES AND AGENTS, BE RESPONSIBLE OR LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES OR LOSSES OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF YOUR PARTICIPATION IN THIS PROMOTION, ACCESS TO AND USE OF THE WEBSITE OR THE DOWNLOADING FROM AND/OR PRINTING MATERIAL DOWNLOADED FROM THE WEBSITE. WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, EVERYTHING ON THE WEBSITE AND IN THIS PROMOTION IS PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. SOME JURISDICTIONS MAY NOT ALLOW THE LIMITATIONS OR EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY FOR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES SO SOME OF THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS OR EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. CHECK YOUR LOCAL LAWS FOR ANY RESTRICTIONS OR LIMITATIONS REGARDING THESE LIMITATIONS OR EXCLUSIONS. 8. DISPUTES As a condition of participating in this Promotion, you agree that any and all disputes which cannot be resolved between the parties, claims and causes of action arising out of or connected with this Promotion, or any prizes awarded, or the determination of the Winner shall be resolved individually, without resort to any form of class action exclusively by arbitration pursuant to the commercial arbitration rules of the American Arbitration Association, then effective. Further, in any such dispute, under no circumstances will you be permitted to obtain awards for, and you hereby waive all rights to claim punitive, incidental or consequential damages, or any other damages, including attorneys\' fees, other than your actual out-of- pocket expenses i.e., costs associated with entering this Promotion , and you further waive all rights to have damages multiplied or increased. All issues and questions concerning the construction, validity, interpretation and enforceability of these Official Rules, or your rights and obligations or Sponsor\'s or Prime Publishing LLC\'s rights and obligations in connection with this Promotion, shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of Illinois, U.S.A., without giving effect to the conflict of laws rules thereof, and all proceedings shall take place in that State in the City of Northbrook, County of Cook. In the event of a dispute as to the identity of the Winner based on an e-mail address, the winning entry will be declared made by the authorized account holder of the e-mail address submitted at time of entry. "Authorized account holder" is defined as the natural person who is assigned to an e-mail address by an Internet access provider, on-line service provider or other organization e.g., business, educational, institution, etc. that is responsible for assigning e- mail addresses for the domain associated with the submitted e-mail address. 9. WINNERS LIST For name of winner\'s mail a self-addressed stamped envelope for receipt no later than 30 days after this Gift Basket promotion expires to Gift Basket Promotion # ___ see above c/o Prime Publishing LLC, 3400 Dundee Road, Northbrook, IL 60062. For Official Rules mail a self- addressed stamped envelope to the above address marked "GIFT BASKET OFFICIAL RULES" for receipt no later than 10 days before this Gift Basket promotion expires. Canadian residents may omit return postage for rule and winners list requests. The names of winners will also be posted at www.allfreesewing.com. 10. Sponsored by Prime Publishing LLC, 3400 Dundee Road, Northbrook, IL 60062. With special thanks to our \'Provider of Prizes\'. [ Close ] Alternate Entry Methods What\'s Hot Top Crochet Projects 90-Minute Scarves 13 Free Crochet Hat Patterns 10 Free Crochet Afghan Patterns + 2 Bonus Afghans 24 Beginner Crochet Hat Patterns 11 Free Crochet Baby Patterns + A Bonus Pattern Plarn \'n Yarn Pot Scrubber Soft Plush Sock Monkey Sweet Princess Cocoon-ghan 12 Free Crochet Shawl Patterns Red Valentine Roses My Crochet Patterns 0 View Something worth saving Register now for FREE to SAVE all your favorite patterns ADD personal notes QUICKLY reference your patterns Log In Join Us Today Forgot Password Free eBooks 16 Crochet Shawl Patterns 17 Popular Free Crochet Patterns Christmas Crochet Wreaths E-Book Easy Crochet Bag Patterns Guide To Free Crochet Patterns How To Crochet Granny Squares One Skein Patterns Crochet Made Simple We\'ve Got You Covered 25 Crochet and Knit Throws From Red Heart Yarns Connect with Us Find us online Contest Rules About Us Advertise Contact Us FAQs News Privacy Policy Terms of Service Subscribe Unsubscribe Terms of Service Submit Pattern Copyright 2012 Prime Publishing, LLC. All rights reserved. Copyright 2012 Prime Publishing, LLC. All rights reserved. www.allfreecrochet.com Log In to Your Account Register Now! Forgot Password Email Password Register Now! Log In Forgot Password Public/Display Name Optional This is the name that will appear alongside any reviews you create on the site. You can use letters, numbers and white space. First Name Last Name Email Password Confirm Password Forgot Your Password Log In Register Now! Enter your email address and we will send your password. Email ....')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00176', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns og "http //opengraphprotocol.org/schema/" xmlns fb "http //www.facebook.com/2008/fbml"> Tweet Follow Us on Facebook Get updates from AllFreeCrochet.com posted directly to your News Feed. My Crochet Patterns My Newsletters Log In Register Now Site Map RSS Bookmark Afghans Basics Free eBooks Holiday Crochet Reviews & Giveaways Tutorials Crochet Store Categories Children Toys Sweaters and Ponchos Children\'s Hats Children\'s Scarves Accessories Afghans Amigurumi Angels Baby Back to School Crochet Bags Basics Bath Bookmarks Crochet Companies Crochet Designer Crochet for Charity Crochet for Men Crochet for Pets Crochet Monthly Favorites Crochet Reviews Doilies Flowers Gloves and Mittens Hats Holiday Crochet Home Decorating Kitchen and Dining Miscellaneous Crochet Scarves Seasonal Crochet Shawls Socks and Slippers Sweaters Tips for Crochet Tops Tutorials Wedding Crochet Home > Toys > Old School Monkey Amigurumi 1 Old School Monkey Amigurumi By Shena Hicks of Knotty\'s Amigurumi You must be logged in to add a private note. Login | Register My Notes My Notes ONLY YOU see your private notes. Notes My Crochet Patterns Add Rate Comment Share Facebook TweetThis Pin It We are adding the pattern to your Crochet Patterns. The pattern was added to your Crochet Patterns. Click here to view your Crochet Patterns. You must be logged in to save a pattern. Login | Register Rate This Article Very Poor Poor OK Good Very Good Comment On This Article We are adding your Comments & Rating. Your Comments & Rating have been added and will appear in a few hours. You must be logged in to rate or leave a comment. Login | Register Share this on Twitter Digg Delicious Facebook Google StumbleUpon MySpace Email Using worsted weight yarn you can crochet these old school monkey amigurumi patterns. Make many for your friends and family. Hang around monkey style with this free crochet pattern. Crochet Hook D/3 or 3.25 mm hook Yarn Weight 4 Medium Weight/Worsted Weight and Aran 16-20 stitches to 4 inches Click here for Crochet Pattern Related Projects Crochet Baby Birdie Mobile 20 Free Crochet Patterns for Bags + 2 Bonus Bags Cradle Purse Related Products to Buy from CutRateCrafts.com - save 15-30% Martingale & Company-Amigurumi Two! Creative Publishing International-Amigurumi Knits Gold Collection Santa\'s Toys Stocking Counted Cross Stitch K-16 Long Notes My Crochet Patterns Add Rate Comment Share Facebook TweetThis Pin It What\'s Hot Top Toys Projects Soft Plush Sock Monkey 16 Crochet Dolls How to Make Cute Dolls and Accessories Angry Birds - Black Bird American Girl Doll Lace Summer Dress American Girl Doll Afghan Pattern Pig and Piglet Crochet Dolls Cradle Purse Air Freshener Doll Dress Doll Hoodie 18" Doll Mario Plushie My Crochet Patterns 0 View Something worth saving Register now for FREE to SAVE all your favorite patterns ADD personal notes QUICKLY reference your patterns Log In Join Us Today Forgot Password Free eBooks 16 Crochet Shawl Patterns 17 Popular Free Crochet Patterns Christmas Crochet Wreaths E-Book Easy Crochet Bag Patterns Guide To Free Crochet Patterns How To Crochet Granny Squares One Skein Patterns Crochet Made Simple We\'ve Got You Covered 25 Crochet and Knit Throws From Red Heart Yarns Connect with Us Find us online About Us Advertise Contact Us FAQs News Privacy Policy Terms of Service Subscribe Unsubscribe Terms of Service Submit Pattern Copyright 2012 Prime Publishing, LLC. All rights reserved. Copyright 2012 Prime Publishing, LLC. All rights reserved. www.allfreecrochet.com Log In to Your Account Register Now! Forgot Password Email Password Register Now! Log In Forgot Password Public/Display Name Optional This is the name that will appear alongside any reviews you create on the site. You can use letters, numbers and white space. First Name Last Name Email Password Confirm Password Forgot Your Password Log In Register Now! Enter your email address and we will send your password. Email')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00177', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns og "http //opengraphprotocol.org/schema/" xmlns fb "http //www.facebook.com/2008/fbml"> Tweet Follow Us on Facebook Get updates from AllFreeCrochet.com posted directly to your News Feed. My Crochet Patterns My Newsletters Log In Register Now Site Map RSS Bookmark Afghans Basics Free eBooks Holiday Crochet Reviews & Giveaways Tutorials Crochet Store Categories Children Toys Sweaters and Ponchos Children\'s Hats Children\'s Scarves Accessories Afghans Amigurumi Angels Baby Back to School Crochet Bags Basics Bath Bookmarks Crochet Companies Crochet Designer Crochet for Charity Crochet for Men Crochet for Pets Crochet Monthly Favorites Crochet Reviews Doilies Flowers Gloves and Mittens Hats Holiday Crochet Home Decorating Kitchen and Dining Miscellaneous Crochet Scarves Seasonal Crochet Shawls Socks and Slippers Sweaters Tips for Crochet Tops Tutorials Wedding Crochet Home > Toys > Old School Monkey Amigurumi 1 Old School Monkey Amigurumi By Shena Hicks of Knotty\'s Amigurumi You must be logged in to add a private note. Login | Register My Notes My Notes ONLY YOU see your private notes. Notes My Crochet Patterns Add Rate Comment Share Facebook TweetThis Pin It We are adding the pattern to your Crochet Patterns. The pattern was added to your Crochet Patterns. Click here to view your Crochet Patterns. You must be logged in to save a pattern. Login | Register Rate This Article Very Poor Poor OK Good Very Good Comment On This Article We are adding your Comments & Rating. Your Comments & Rating have been added and will appear in a few hours. You must be logged in to rate or leave a comment. Login | Register Share this on Twitter Digg Delicious Facebook Google StumbleUpon MySpace Email Using worsted weight yarn you can crochet these old school monkey amigurumi patterns. Make many for your friends and family. Hang around monkey style with this free crochet pattern. Crochet Hook D/3 or 3.25 mm hook Yarn Weight 4 Medium Weight/Worsted Weight and Aran 16-20 stitches to 4 inches Click here for Crochet Pattern Related Projects Crochet Baby Birdie Mobile 20 Free Crochet Patterns for Bags + 2 Bonus Bags Cradle Purse Related Products to Buy from CutRateCrafts.com - save 15-30% Martingale & Company-Amigurumi Two! Creative Publishing International-Amigurumi Knits Gold Collection Santa\'s Toys Stocking Counted Cross Stitch K-16 Long Notes My Crochet Patterns Add Rate Comment Share Facebook TweetThis Pin It Newsletter Signup Free Newsletter! Subscribe to our free newsletter, Hooked on Crochet, and we\'ll give you hundreds of free crochet patterns, how-to videos and tutorials along with great crochet tips. Take advantage of all things free, sign up today! Please Wait Thanks for signing up Sorry, we could not sign you up. What\'s Hot Top Toys Projects Soft Plush Sock Monkey 16 Crochet Dolls How to Make Cute Dolls and Accessories Angry Birds - Black Bird American Girl Doll Lace Summer Dress American Girl Doll Afghan Pattern Pig and Piglet Crochet Dolls Cradle Purse Air Freshener Doll Dress Doll Hoodie 18" Doll Mario Plushie My Crochet Patterns 0 View Something worth saving Register now for FREE to SAVE all your favorite patterns ADD personal notes QUICKLY reference your patterns Log In Join Us Today Forgot Password Free eBooks 16 Crochet Shawl Patterns 17 Popular Free Crochet Patterns Christmas Crochet Wreaths E-Book Easy Crochet Bag Patterns Guide To Free Crochet Patterns How To Crochet Granny Squares One Skein Patterns Crochet Made Simple We\'ve Got You Covered 25 Crochet and Knit Throws From Red Heart Yarns Connect with Us Find us online About Us Advertise Contact Us FAQs News Privacy Policy Terms of Service Subscribe Unsubscribe Terms of Service Submit Pattern Copyright 2012 Prime Publishing, LLC. All rights reserved. Copyright 2012 Prime Publishing, LLC. All rights reserved. www.allfreecrochet.com Log In to Your Account Register Now! Forgot Password Email Password Register Now! Log In Forgot Password Public/Display Name Optional This is the name that will appear alongside any reviews you create on the site. You can use letters, numbers and white space. First Name Last Name Email Password Confirm Password Forgot Your Password Log In Register Now! Enter your email address and we will send your password. Email [ Close ] Thanks for signing up Sorry, we could not sign you up. [ Privacy Policy ] [ Close Privacy Policy ] Privacy Policy / Your California Privacy Rights Active Date September 15, 2008 Prime Publishing, LLC "Company," "we" or "us" reserves the right to revise this Privacy Policy at any time simply by posting such revision, so we encourage you to review it periodically. In order to track any changes to this Privacy Policy, we will include a historical reference at the top of this document. This Privacy Policy will tell you, among other things Your California privacy rights. How we collect information and what information we collect. How we may use information. How we may share information. Your choices regarding the sharing of information. ACKNOWLEDGEMENT/YOUR AGREEMENT Company websites are not intended for use by individuals under the age of 18 or those who are not legal residents of the United States. By using our website or submitting information to us, you consent to the Company\'s use and sharing of the information collected or submitted as described in this Privacy Policy. If you are not 18 years of age or older and a valid resident of the United States or you do not agree with the terms of this Privacy Policy, do not provide us with any information or use any of the products or services offered or provided on Company websites or through Company technology. YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS Beginning January 1, 2005 under California\'s "Shine the Light" law, California residents who provide personal information in obtaining products or services for personal, family or household use are entitled to either 1 a list detailing the categories of information shared and the entities to which such information was provided; or 2 to be notified of a mechanism by which a consumer may opt-out of having their information shared with third parties. We have elected the second option. To opt-out of having your information shared with third parties please write to us. HOW DO WE COLLECT INFORMATION AND WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT We collect and combine personally identifiable information "PII" and non-personally identifiable information "Non-PII" through various sources, including those discussed below. For your reference, PII is data collected with an intention to specifically identify, contact or locate a person, including but not limited to name, address, telephone number, or e-mail address. Conversely, Non-PII is data that is not used to specifically identify, contact or locate an individual, including but not limited to zip code, gender, age, or IP address. Distribution Partners Website operators that license our ad serving technology pass information to us so that we may serve advertisements to you. The information passed may include, but is not limited to, your IP address, e-mail address, name, mailing address, telephone number, date of birth, and gender. Offer Forms We also collect information about you when you complete a survey or offer form on one of our websites or web pages. This information may include, but is not limited to your e-mail address, name, mailing address, telephone number, date of birth, gender, and payment information; information about your background, interests, health, education, career goals, and shopping preferences; and any other personal information or unique preference information you provide to us or our advertisers. Website Registration Forms We collect information about you when you register on one of our websites. This registration information may include, but is not limited to your e-mail address full name mailing address telephone number date of birth gender Publisher Partners When you complete a registration or offer form that is hosted by one of our website publisher partners on our behalf, the website publisher partner may submit all or a portion of the information that you submitted on the form to the Company. This information may include, but is not limited to your IP address, e-mail address, name, mailing address, telephone number, date of birth, gender, and payment information; information about your background, interests, health, education, career goals, and shopping preferences; and any other information you provide to our website publisher partner. Marketing Partners We may receive information about you, including but not limited to your IP address, e-mail address, first name, last name, mailing address, and telephone number, from third party marketing partners that provide us with consumer data to manage on their behalf. Automatic Information/Digital Identifiers We may automatically receive and store certain types of information about you through the data sources listed above. You may be familiar with the term "cookies," which are unique alphanumeric identifiers that store information on your computer. A cookie is placed on your computer when your web browser accesses our website. We use cookies for tracking transactions and the user characteristics explained in detail throughout this Privacy Policy. If you choose, there are utilities available for purchase from independent software providers to install on your computer as well as tools/preferences you can choose through most web browsers to make website visits anonymous. Of course, cookies let you have a more satisfying website experience, so we recommend that you leave them turned on. We also collect information through our web server applications. This information includes your Internet Protocol or "IP" address, date/time stamp, browser type, and referring URL. Additionally, we may use pixel tracking technology to track the completion of transactions with us or our advertisers, the source information for those transactions, and your IP address, date/time stamp, browser type, and referring URL. Government Forms The Company may be required to create, collect, maintain, and submit certain information required by the government, such as IRS Forms W-9 and 1099. This information, which may include your taxpayer identification number, will not be used, shared, transferred, or sold for marketing purposes. HOW DO WE USE THIS INFORMATION We may use the collected PII and Non-PII for any legally permissible purpose in our sole discretion, including but not limited to those explained below. Ad Serving We may serve advertisements to you based, in part, on your IP address, the demographic and geographic information you submitted to the Company during the website registration process, and other socio-economic information, psychographic information, Internet behavior i.e., browsing, search, shopping, purchase, and ad response behavior , and lifestyle information about you that we obtain from affiliated entities and from third parties. We also use third party advertising companies, such as Advertising.com, to serve advertisements when you visit our websites. These companies may use and optimize information not including your name, mailing address, e-mail address, or telephone number about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services that may be of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by Advertising.com please visit http //www.advertising.com/privacy_policy_details.php. Pre-select/Pre-fill Offers Our website technology may pre-select certain offers for you to view based on the demographic and geographic information you submitted to the Company during the website registration process. Additionally, this technology may pre-fill some or all of the offers\' data fields with the information you submitted during the website registration process in order to prevent you from having to re-enter this information. We may not show all of the pre-filled data fields to you. Upsell We utilize customized post transactional or "upsell" technology to help advertisers generate sales, while providing you with a series of great offers we think may be of interest to you. The way it works is simple once you purchase a product or service from one of our reward advertisers, you will be offered additional products or services that we think may be of interest to you. If you elect to purchase products or services from an advertiser in the post transactional channel, we will pass the information that you provided during the initial transaction to the subsequent advertiser, including but not limited to your credit card information. This information pass is done to enhance and simplify your purchasing experience. Your information will only be passed to an advertiser in the post transactional channel after you have elected to purchase their product or service. By electing to purchase their product or service you consent to the passing of your data to the third party advertiser in question. Customer Service and Fulfillment We may use your information to operate the website promotion, service your account and to fulfill rewards earned through Company websites. We may also use your information to verify your identity or claimed account status and, where we consider appropriate, investigate your compliance with the terms and conditions of the website promotion or any advertiser offer. We do retain customer service correspondence. Credit Card Preauthorization By submitting your credit card information to us or to one of our advertisers, you are authorizing the Company or its agent to periodically verify that your credit card account is valid and has credit available by charging, and thereafter crediting, a small sum to the card. Marketing We may use your information in our online e.g., e-mail marketing and offline e.g., telemarketing, cell phone text messaging, skip tracing, and direct mail marketing programs. If you would like to be removed from these programs please write to us. HOW DO WE SHARE INFORMATION We may share the collected PII and Non-PII for any legally permissible purpose in our sole discretion, including but not limited to those explained below. Within the Company We may share information we collect with affiliated companies, including our parent company and other subsidiaries of our parent company, for use in their ad serving and marketing programs. This Privacy Policy does not apply to affiliated companies and their collection, use and sharing of information. Vendors We may share your information with various third party vendors that are not part of the Company, including but not limited to vendors that provide us with technology to deploy commercial e-mail, vendors that sell the products or services for which you have qualified through one of our websites, and shipping companies that we utilize to ship products to you. Advertisers When you participate in an offer by completing a form, we will transfer the information you submitted on the form to the applicable advertiser. When you answer "yes" or "no" to a marketing or survey question, some or all of the information that you submitted during the website registration process will be transferred to advertisers that we believe may be of interest to you without providing you with another opportunity to review the information. When you select "yes" next to an offer, we will transfer some or all of the information that you submitted during the website registration process to the applicable advertiser without providing you with another opportunity to review the information. Ad Serving Companies We may use third party ad networks or ad serving companies to serve advertisements on our websites. We pass information about you to these companies so that they can deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of interest to you. The information passed to these companies may include, but is not limited to, your IP address, e-mail address, name, mailing address, telephone number, date of birth, gender, and any other information you provide to us. Web pages that are served by these companies will state that they are "powered by" or "ads by" the applicable company and will contain a link to that company\'s privacy policy. Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our site. Google\'s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to our users based on their visit to our sites and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy . Marketing Partners We may share, license or sell your information to third parties for various marketing purposes, including their online e.g., e-mail marketing and offline e.g., telemarketing, cell phone text messaging, skip tracing, and direct mail marketing programs. If you would like to be removed from these programs write to us. Data Enhancement/Appending/Validation We may use third party service providers to enhance our database with additional elements, including but not limited to age ranges present in your household, whether you own or rent a home, the length of time you have lived at your residence, whether you are a mail order buyer or responder, household income, and gender. Further, we may use third party service providers to append telephone numbers to other data points we have in our database. We also may use third party service providers to validate the data we have in our database. Additionally, we may share, license or sell your information to third parties for use in their data validation, enhancement, information verification services, and, to the extent permitted by law, individual reference or look-up services. Governmental Agencies or Other Companies We may share your information with law enforcement officials or governmental agencies 1 in response to their request; 2 when permitted or required by law; or 3 to establish our compliance with applicable laws, rules, regulations, or guidelines. We may store and share your information with third parties for suppression or opt-out purposes. We also may share your information with third parties when 1 trying to protect against or prevent actual or potential fraud or unauthorized transactions; 2 investigating fraud that has already taken place; 3 enforcing or applying existing terms and conditions and/or other agreements; 4 protecting the rights, property or safety of our websites, our users or others; or 5 responding to subpoenas, court orders or legal process, or to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims. In all cases, this information is not provided to these entities or persons for marketing purposes. Right to Transfer Should the Company choose to sell or transfer business assets, it is possible that the information we possess may be transferred as part of that transaction. The Company may decide to retain a copy of the information post sale or transfer. COMPANY CUSTOMER CHOICES Marketing Communications and Unsubscribe Information By completing and submitting a Company registration form, you are consenting to receive marketing communications from the Company and its third party marketing partners. If, after you have shared your information with the Company, you decide that you do not want to receive marketing communications or newsletters from the Company and its third party marketing partners, you can discontinue the communications by clicking here and filling out our form. If you have registered or submitted information under more than one e-mail account, you must submit separate unsubscribe requests for each account. Request for More Information As it relates to marketing communications or any other questions you might have about our Privacy Policy, please write to us at Prime Publishing, LLC, 3400 Dundee Road, Suite 340, Northbrook, IL 60062. WHAT HAPPENS IF I HIT A LINK TO ANOTHER SITE FROM A COMPANY WEBSITE Our websites may offer links to other websites. Other websites have their own terms of use and privacy and security policies. If you choose to visit one of these sites, you should review the policies that govern that particular site. APPLICATION OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY This Privacy Policy applies to all information collected by or submitted to the Company. Other affiliated entities of the Company may obtain information independently from transactions and experiences with you or from other sources. This Privacy Policy does not pertain to that information. WHAT IS THE POLICY WITH RESPECT TO COMMUNICATING WITH CHILDREN We recognize the unique privacy concerns regarding children. We are committed to carefully protecting privacy where children are involved no matter the point of contact. In particular, our intention is to fully comply with the Children\'s Online Privacy Protection Act "COPPA" . Per COPPA guidelines, we do not knowingly collect PII from children under the age of 13. If a parent or guardian is made aware that a child under the age of 13 has provided us with PII through any point of contact, click here to contact us and we will delete the information about the child referenced from our files. SECURITY There is no such thing as complete security on the Internet or otherwise. The Company uses various security techniques on our websites to help protect against the loss, misuse or modification of information we\'ve collected from you. When you access your personal information or transmit information to us, that information is stored on servers that we have taken steps to protect from unauthorized access or intrusion. While we strive to protect your information, the Company cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us. You acknowledge and assume this risk when communicating with the Company, its partners and affiliates. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT ANY DISPUTE OVER PRIVACY IS SUBJECT TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY, AS WELL AS THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS WEBSITE INCLUDING LIMITATIONS ON DAMAGES . YOU AGREE THAT THE COMPANY\'S LIABILITY FOR ANY BREACH OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY SHALL BE LIMITED TO THE VALUE OF THE TRANSACTIONS OR SERVICES PROVIDED TO YOU BY THE COMPANY TO THE EXTENT SUCH CLAIM IS NOT OTHERWISE BARRED BY OUR TERMS AND CONDITIONS. [ Close Privacy Policy ]')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00178', 'id "ie6" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00179', 'id "ie6" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00180', 'id "ie6" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00181', 'id "ie6" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00182', 'id "ie6" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00183', 'id "ie6" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00184', 'id "ie6" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00185', 'id "ie6" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00186', 'id "ie6" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00187', 'id "ie6" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00188', 'id "ie6" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00189', 'id "ie6" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00190', 'id "ie6" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00191', 'id "ie6" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00192', 'id "ie6" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00193', 'id "ie6" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00194', 'id "ie6" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00195', 'id "ie6" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00196', 'id "ie6" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00197', 'id "ie6" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00199', "> 0 credits Sponsor Apps Gift Apps Share Never Pay for Apps Again Download Sponsor Apps Get Paid Apps For Free! Get Apps! About Us It's true! We do give away paid apps for free just for trying out our sponsors' free apps. No personal info, no catch. Our sponsors want you to fall in love with their free apps they are pretty cool and they pay us to introduce them to you. You get to explore some great free apps and get paid apps for free! Enjoy Paid Apps for Free! click to view our sponsor apps click to view our gift apps FAQs Contact Us Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Copyright 2011 Fiksu, Inc. All rights reserved. Patent Pending.")
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00200', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns fb "http //www.facebook.com/2008/fbml" xml lang "en" lang "en" itemscope itemtype "http //schema.org/MediaObject" > Log In Sign Up Upload great photos, earn badges, and compete for top position on the Leaderboard! Details ladynamic 7h 0 1 About this photo Experimenting with streamzoo 1 This photo was uploaded with an Android device using the Masterpiece filter and White border Share & Shoutout Related Content More from @ladynamic Home Download About Blog Help Guidelines Terms Privacy 2012 Streamzoo. All rights reserved. Top of Page')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00201', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns fb "http //www.facebook.com/2008/fbml" xml lang "en" lang "en" itemscope itemtype "http //schema.org/MediaObject" > Log In Sign Up Upload great photos, earn badges, and compete for top position on the Leaderboard! Details Halographic 7h 10 0 About this photo Balinese New Year #photodroid #nature #CapturedMoment #Bali #photography 11 This photo was uploaded with an Android device using the Throwback border Share & Shoutout 10 Likes See all Related Content More from @Halographic More from #Bali More from #CapturedMoment More from #nature More from #photodroid More from #photography Home Download About Blog Help Guidelines Terms Privacy 2012 Streamzoo. All rights reserved. Top of Page')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00202', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns fb "http //www.facebook.com/2008/fbml" xml lang "en" lang "en" itemscope itemtype "http //schema.org/MediaObject" > Log In Sign Up Upload great photos, earn badges, and compete for top position on the Leaderboard! Details lixOS 6h 7 0 About this photo The Green Flowers #streamzoo #android #nature #fotodroids #indonesia #andrography #flowers #newbie 8 This photo was uploaded with an Android device using the Black border Share & Shoutout 7 Likes See all Related Content More from @lixOS More from #andrography More from #android More from #flowers More from #fotodroids More from #indonesia More from #nature More from #newbie More from #streamzoo Home Download About Blog Help Guidelines Terms Privacy 2012 Streamzoo. All rights reserved. Top of Page')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00203', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns fb "http //www.facebook.com/2008/fbml" xml lang "en" lang "en" itemscope itemtype "http //schema.org/MediaObject" > Log In Sign Up Upload great photos, earn badges, and compete for top position on the Leaderboard! Details MinYoung 6h 0 0 About this photo Nearly forget to record down my life inside my journal today. #life #journal 1 This photo was uploaded with an Android device using the Old School filter Share & Shoutout Related Content More from @MinYoung More from #journal More from #Life Home Download About Blog Help Guidelines Terms Privacy 2012 Streamzoo. All rights reserved. Top of Page')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00204', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns fb "http //www.facebook.com/2008/fbml" xml lang "en" lang "en" itemscope itemtype "http //schema.org/MediaObject" > Log In Sign Up Upload great photos, earn badges, and compete for top position on the Leaderboard! Details DanaBethea 5h 0 0 About this photo Love yourself. #operationbeautiful #stickynote 1 This photo was uploaded with an Android device using the C-41 filter and Black border Share & Shoutout Related Content More from @DanaBethea More from #operationbeautiful More from #stickynote Home Download About Blog Help Guidelines Terms Privacy 2012 Streamzoo. All rights reserved. Top of Page')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00205', '> Lanyrd in Austin 2012 your unofficial SXSW i session guide Find SXSWi sessions your contacts are going to. We\'ll email you coverage from sessions you missed. 2497 people attending We ask for write access so we can provide "follow" buttons don\'t worry, we won\'t tweet on your behalf Sign in with Twitter Tweet you r sessions your contacts \' sessions all sessions 1117 attendees 2497 Browse all 1117 sessions at SXSW Interactive 2012 Friday 9th March 2012 Tech Career Expo Time Friday 9th March 11 00am to 5 00pm Place Austin Music Hall map Abstract Land a new or better job at SXSW. Chat with over 30 hot companies, from ... more BBQ Crash Course Time Friday 9th March 11 00am to 2 00pm Place East Tent, Brush Square Park map Topics BBQ , Food Abstract Network with fellow SXSW attendees while savoring Texas\' best BBQ. Music from Beaver Nelson. Celebrity ... more Alcatel-Lucent s Trend Lounge Time Friday 9th March 1 00pm to 6 00pm Place 406 , Hilton Austin Downtown map Abstract Alcatel-Lucent is rolling out the red carpet again and playing host at the sassy ultra-lounge. ... more Perfect Timing Evolving GLBT Suicide Prevention Time Friday 9th March 2 00pm to 3 00pm Place Room 10AB , 3rd floor floor plan , Austin Convention Center map Speakers Dino Hainline , Ryan Lombardini Abstract Luck favors the prepared. Build it and they will come. Pithy statements like these are ... more Tweak Your Talk A Cranky Talk Workshop Time Friday 9th March 2 00pm to 6 00pm Place Marigold , Holiday Inn Town Lake map Speakers Dan Willis , Adam Polansky Topics Public Speaking , Workshop Abstract Who gives a crap that you spoke at South by Southwest It only counts if ... more The Anthropocene Do We Control the Age of Humans Time Friday 9th March 2 00pm to 3 00pm Place Rio Grande , Hilton Garden Inn Austin Downtown map Speakers Michael Coren Abstract Humans are now the most powerful force reshaping the Earth.Dinosaurs ruled the Mesozoic era for ... more Ping Pong Tourney Time Friday 9th March 2 00pm to 6 00pm Place 400, 402 , Hilton Austin Downtown map Topics ping pong , Startups Abstract Join Startup Village in our inaugural ping pong tourney; you need not be a professional, ... more Social Health StartUp Bootcamp Time Friday 9th March 2 00pm to 3 00pm Place Salon A , Hilton Austin Downtown map Topics Health , Startups Abstract Education, inspiration and funding device for social health tech startups. more Building a Jewish Presence Through Social Media Time Friday 9th March 2 00pm to 3 00pm Place Room 5ABC , 3rd floor floor plan , Austin Convention Center map Speakers Bob Watts , Brian Block , Jennifer-Joy Bronk , Lee Wunsch , Leisa Holland-Nelson , William Daroff Topics Jewish , Social Media Abstract Quick and effective communication may run afoul of traditional Jewish culture for the The People ... more CNN\'s Black in America / Silicon Valley Aftermath Time Friday 9th March 2 00pm to 3 00pm Place Room 6AB , 3rd floor floor plan , Austin Convention Center map Speakers Hajj Flemings , Hank Williams , Jason Samuels , Soledad O\'Brien , Wayne Sutton Abstract In the summer of 2011, New Me, the first technology accelerator focused on African America\'s ... more Newsjacking How to Inject Your Ideas Time Friday 9th March 2 00pm to 2 20pm Place Ballroom G , 4th floor floor plan , Austin Convention Center map Speakers David Meerman Scott Abstract The rules have changed. The traditional PR model sticking closely to a preset script and campaign ... more Wireless Wellness App-tastic or Just Fun & Games Time Friday 9th March 2 00pm to 3 00pm Place Ballroom D , 4th floor floor plan , Austin Convention Center map Speakers Ina Fried , Mark Bertolini Topics Apps , Healthcare Abstract Imagine an app that could cut saturated fat from your diet. Or one that could ... more Social Health StartUp Bootcamp Time Friday 9th March 2 00pm to 3 00pm Place Salon A , 4th floor floor plan , Hilton Austin Downtown map Topics Health , Startups Abstract Why Invest in Health Tech Education, Inspiration, and Funding Advice for Social Health Tech Startups. ... more Sex on the Web The Sabotage of Relationships Time Friday 9th March 2 00pm to 3 00pm Place Driskill Ballroom , Mezzanine floor plan , Driskill Hotel map Speakers Christie Nicholson Abstract PornHub, XTube, sexting. Porn and sexual correspondence are perhaps the fastest growing content on the ... more Digital vs. Print Storyboard to Digital Delivery Time Friday 9th March 2 00pm to 3 00pm Place Capitol A-D , 3rd floor floor plan , Sheraton Austin Hotel at the Capitol map Speakers Chris Wilkes , Joe Simon, Keith Barraclough, Liz Schimel, Perry Solomon Abstract This panel offers an insider s guide into the process behind creating customized digital magazine content ... more Raise Your Profile Using SXSW Time Friday 9th March 2 00pm to 3 00pm Place Room 12AB , 4th floor floor plan , Austin Convention Center map Speakers Brad King , Brian Zisk , Evan Cohen , Hugh Forrest , Theda Sandiford Topics Careers , Networking , SXSW Abstract It takes a lot of money and effort to get to SXSW. Now that you\'ve ... more Brands As Patterns Time Friday 9th March 2 00pm to 3 00pm Place Capital Ballroom B , InterContinental Stephen F. Austin map Speakers Greg Johnson , Marc Shillum , Maureen Sullivan , Robin Lanahan , Walter Werzowa Topics Brands Abstract Brands are no longer definitive. They are temporal. Brands are informed by multiple voices, and ... more SXSW Yoga Time Friday 9th March 2 00pm to 3 00pm Place Room 8A , 3rd floor floor plan , Austin Convention Center map Speakers Ari Stiles , Christa Avampato , Jennilyn Carson Abstract SXSW Interactive has offered a morning yoga session for several years now it is a come ... more Exploring the New Frontier of Local Discovery Time Friday 9th March 2 00pm to 3 00pm Place Ballroom EF , Austin Convention Center map Speakers Tim O\'Shaughnessy Topics Daily Deals Abstract Whether it s a random craving or an all-out obsession, who isn t always looking for the ... more Man vs. Algorithm Online Video Curation Face-off Time Friday 9th March 2 00pm to 3 00pm Place Room 18ABCD , 4th floor floor plan , Austin Convention Center map Speakers Marc Hustvedt , Philip Defranco , Neetzan Zimmerman Topics Curation , Online Video Abstract Human or Machine Who really knows what videos you\'re going to like best Online video ... more Social Change, Social Media & Social Filmmaking Time Friday 9th March 2 00pm to 3 00pm Place Room 9ABC , 3rd floor floor plan , Austin Convention Center map Speakers Dorothy Engelman , Meghan Warby , Rob Dyer , Sherien Barsoum Topics Activism , Documentary , Film Making , Social Media Abstract Bringing together top filmmakers, change agents & digital communicators, this panel will share practical tips, ... more Rethinking Civilization for the Social Age Time Friday 9th March 2 00pm to 3 00pm Place Exhibit Hall 5 , Austin Convention Center map Speakers Don Tapscott Topics Civilization , Economics Abstract The continuing global economic and political crisis should be wakeup call to the world. We ... more Popping Your Bubble Stories of the Digital Divide Time Friday 9th March 2 00pm to 3 00pm Place Creekside I & II , Sheraton Austin Hotel at the Capitol map Speakers Allison Aldridge-Saur , Dean Davis , Dee Davis, Eric Martin Abstract At SXSW 2011, there were tweets where people were just coming to the realization that ... more Designing for Awareness in the Attention Economy Time Friday 9th March 2 00pm to 3 00pm Place Capital Ballroom A , InterContinental Stephen F. Austin map Speakers Brian Sullivan , Taylor Cowan Topics Attention Abstract In today s digitally-connected online world, everything competes for your attention. An attention economy exists for ... more Keeping Loyal Consumers Engaged by Shaking Sh t Up Time Friday 9th March 2 00pm to 3 00pm Place Salon C , 4th floor floor plan , Hilton Austin Downtown map Speakers Ben Lerer Abstract So you ve developed a loyal consumer-base and built a strong foundation for your business. Now ... more Change Happens Improv for an Unpredictable World Time Friday 9th March 2 00pm to 3 00pm Place Brazos , Courtyard Marriot Austin Downtown map Speakers Amanda Hirsch , Jordan Hirsch Topics Improvisation Abstract "You\'re fired." "The test results are positive." "We\'re out of beer." Change happens - how ... more Get Smart! Hack Your Brain for Peak Performance Time Friday 9th March 2 00pm to 3 00pm Place Salon H , 6th floor floor plan , Hilton Austin Downtown map Speakers Daniel Wetmore , Dave Asprey , Megan Miller , Michael Scanlon Topics Neuroscience Abstract The quantified self trend of tracking and tweaking physical performance is all the rage in ... more The Concrete Jungle Nature in an Urban Ecosystem Time Friday 9th March 2 00pm to 3 00pm Place Sabine , 2nd floor floor plan , Hilton Garden Inn Austin Downtown map Speakers Marielle Anzelone , Yasser Ansari Topics Cities Abstract For the first time in history, the majority of people worldwide are living in cities. ... more The Future of Lifestyle Media Time Friday 9th March 2 00pm to 3 00pm Place Capitol E-H , 3rd floor floor plan , Sheraton Austin Hotel at the Capitol map Speakers Andrew Wagner , Camille Styles , Grace Bonney , Paul Lowe , Tolly Moseley Abstract Lifestyle media is big business. And in a down economy, DIY culture sewing, canning, etc. ... more Half Day Event - Startup America at SXSW Time Friday 9th March 2 00pm to 6 00pm Place Salon E , 4th floor floor plan , Hilton Austin Downtown map Topics Startup America , Startups Abstract Dedicated to helping young companies grow, the Startup America Partnership is providing a place to ... more 1 2 3 38 Filter by day Friday 9th Fri 124 Saturday 10th Sat 244 Sunday 11th Sun 259 Monday 12th Mon 279 Tuesday 13th Tue 195 Filter by topic Social Media 71 Startups 66 Mobile 41 Entrepreneurship 27 Brands 25 Pitching 23 Privacy 22 Journalism 22 Games 20 Marketing 20 Music 20 Politics 18 Design 16 User Experience 16 Education 15 Healthcare 15 Meetup 14 Storytelling 13 Activism 13 Health 11 Psychology 11 Film Making 11 Careers 11 Productivity 10 Government 10 Innovation 10 Media 10 Public Relations 9 Publishing 9 Identity 9 Twitter 9 Content Strategy 9 Collaboration 9 Crowdsourcing 9 Elections 9 Gamification 8 NASA 8 JavaScript 8 Advertising 8 HTML5 8 Cities 8 CSS 7 Food 7 Kinect 7 Blogging 7 Big Data 7 Women 7 Work 7 Cloud Computing 7 Sports 7 Game Design 7 Security 7 Creativity 7 Women in Tech 7 Transmedia 6 Open Source 6 Automobiles 6 Teamwork 6 Social Networks 6 Comedy 6 Data Visualization 6 Space 6 China 6 Payments 6 Libraries 6 Nonprofits 6 Humor 6 Environment 6 Facebook 6 MIT Media Lab 6 Television 6 Near Field Communication 5 Science 5 Documentary 5 Hiring 5 Art 5 Fans 5 Game Development 5 CSS3 5 Venture Capital 5 Learning 5 Higher Education 5 Fashion 5 Online Video 5 Interaction Design 4 TV 4 Video 4 Leadership 4 Motivation 4 Microsoft 4 Curation 4 Viral Marketing 4 Business 4 Party 4 Keynote 4 Google 4 Philanthropy 4 Neuroscience 4 B2B 4 Mobile Payments 4 Filter by venue Austin Convention Center 334 Hilton Austin Downtown 196 AT&T Conference Hotel 106 Sheraton Austin Hotel at the Capitol 83 Hyatt Regency Austin 72 InterContinental Stephen F. Austin 71 Omni Downtown 57 Hilton Garden Inn Austin Downtown 44 Driskill Hotel 41 Courtyard Marriot Austin Downtown 40 Palmer Event Center 32 Radisson Hotel & Suites Austin-Town Lake 23 Austin Music Hall 4 Roial 1 The Stage on Sixth 1 Lanai 1 Stubb\'s 1 Holiday Inn Town Lake 1 East Tent, Brush Square Park 1 The Parish 1 Palm Door 1 Skinny\'s Ballroom 1 Frost Bank Tower 1 presented by Follow @ lanyrdSXSW and @ lanyrd on Twitter SXSW Interactive 2012 United States / Texas / Austin 9th 13th March 2012 This site is not endorsed or supported by SXSW, Inc. The official schedule for SXSW can be found at schedule.sxsw.com .')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00206', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns fb "http //www.facebook.com/2008/fbml" xml lang "en" lang "en" id "seller_slug_controller" itemscope itemtype "http //schema.org/Product"> boticca.com i\'d rather wear a unique story Sign up to get 10% off your first purchase My email address is Log in Log in Sign up Wishlist Gift certificates Your bag Change currency Home New All By popularity By price By date By free shipping Designers Jewelry Bags Accessories Jewelry Bracelets Brooches Earrings Necklaces Pendants Rings Other Jewelry Friendship bracelets Indian magic Make a statement One of a kind Perfect personalization Sensational skulls Vintage vixen Wedding jewelry Jewelry with free shipping Bags Clutch bags Shoulder bags Totes More styles Arm candy Evening bags Leather bags Satchel bags Bags with free shipping Accessories Belts Scarves Hair accessories More styles Accessories all areas Leather belts Men\'s accessories Sensational scarves Ultimate wish list Winter wow pieces Work worthy accessories Accessories with free shipping Style ideas Wonderful wood Statement earrings Orange attacks Brilliant baroque Winter warmers Holiday style guide For those who have it all Gorgeous geometrics Guest curators Gifts Buy a gift certificate Gifts Buy a gift certificate Valentine\'s day Girl about town She who has everything Globetrotter Teenage Angst Earth mother Classic queen City slicker Rock god Old school charmer Chic geek Gifts under 50 Gifts under 100 Designers At a glance On a map Just explore Blog Designer stories Musings Pieces I love Search Loading latest designer announcements... Our designers offer refunds or exchanges on all purchases within 7 days of receipt. Home Brooches Mouse skull brooch, silver and gold vermeil. Mouse skull brooch, silver and gold vermeil. prev next 1 2 Zoom Story of the piece Shipping Return policy Cast in solid 925 sterling silver, 18ct gold plated. Each piece of Emilie Morris jewellery comes beautifully packaged and delivered in a luxurious white signature box and leather pouch. Skull length 2.0cm / 0.8in Ask a question Item ships from London, United Kingdom to Rest of the world Royal Mail $16 VAT & duty may apply For customers in the US or customers in the EU Standard Policy across Boticca All Boticca designers provide at minimum a refund or exchange within 7 days of receipt of the piece if you are unhappy with your purchase, or if it has been damaged in transit. You will need to message the designer on Boticca within 7 days of receipt and the designer will provide you with instructions. Additional designer return policy Returns and Exchanges may be requested within 7 days of receiving your order. If you are unhappy with your purchase you can return it unworn and in its original packaging. Please message me on Boticca.com within 7 days of receipt and I will provide you with return instructions. Style Tips & Comments Emilie Morris London, United Kingdom Ask a question Designer Story View all pieces Collections $221 Only 3 in stock Shipping details Item ships from London, United Kingdom to Rest of the world Royal Mail $16 VAT & duty may apply For customers in the US or customers in the EU Add to bag or Make an offer $ Send offer Undo Your offer has been sent to the designer. Add to My Wishlist More from the same collection Animal Study [View all] prev next 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 prev next 1 2 View original size View original size Emilie Morris London, United Kingdom Ask a question Designer Story View all pieces The Story My designs derive from an imaginative, dark fantasy-like world. Drawing inspiration from unfamiliar elements. I am very interested in human beings desire to use symbolism to unify, progress and understand the elements. I want to produce symbols of strength, life, and death.For me jewellery enables the wearer to express themselves. The accessory allows a level of detail that gives the wearer an extra element to articulate and give confidence to their look.Shield is about a universal expression of strength with form. I wanted to create and emphasize bold shapes and angles in considered pieces. The inspiration for Shield comes from living in the city. This environment creates a strong and expressive mood. I want this collection to give the wearer confidence, especially in such uncertain times. Read more Photos prev next 1 Ask Emilie a question What would you like to know Please enter a question Please enter a name so the designer knows who to address; we don\'t share your email Your name It\'s nice for the designer to know your name Please enter the email address you want us to send the designer\'s response to. Your email We won\'t share your email address with the designer or anyone else Please enter a password. If you have an account you will be logged in; otherwise an account will be created for you. Your password Enter a password to retrieve the designers response. If you don\'t have an account we will automatically create one for you, with no extra steps. Please leave this field empty By creating your account you certify that you have read and agree to the Terms of use and Privacy policy Your message has been sent to "designer name". 10% off welcome gift Sign up to get 10% off your first purchase Sign up to get 10% off your first purchase My email address is Sign up to get 10% off your first purchase My email address is 10% off welcome gift Buy a gift certificate Invite friends, get 10% off each As seen on celebrities Follow us on Facebook Twitter YouTube Truste MasterCard SecureCode Paypal About About us Our story and team Our press Curating our designers As seen on celebrities A global family Why Buy on Boticca Great customer feedback Buy safely from our designers Secure payment Exchange and refund within 7 days of receipt Worldwide shipping Product A-Z Category A-Z Our designers Why join Boticca Designer FAQs Designer charter Designer agreement Designer A-Z More information FAQs Contact us Jobs Press kit Terms of use Privacy policy IP policy Copyright 2011 Boticca.com Limited. All Rights Reserved.')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00210', '> Weston, WV 26452 2/10/2012 Local Forecast Doppler Radar Alerts Weather Cameras Photos Health/Outdoors Storm Central U.S. World Change Location New WeatherBug Video Player Forecast for Weston, WV 26452 2/10/2012 7-Day Forecast Weekend Forecast Forecast Maps Averages Important Message Winter weather advisory in effect until 7 AM est Sunday. Tonight Low 28 Snow. Additional snow accumulation around an inch. Cold with lows in the upper 20s. Southwest winds around 5 mph. Chance of snow 80 percent. Saturday Low 22 High 28 Snow. Areas of blowing snow in the afternoon. Additional snow accumulation of 1 to 3 inches. Blustery and cold with highs in the upper 20s. Temperature falling into the lower 20s in the afternoon. Southwest winds 10 to 15 mph...becoming northwest 15 to 20 mph in the afternoon. Gusts up to 35 mph. Chance of snow 90 percent. Saturday Night Low 15 Cloudy. Snow showers likely...mainly in the evening. Total snow accumulation of 3 to 5 inches possible. Brisk and colder with lows around 15. Northwest winds 15 to 20 mph with gusts up to 30 mph. Chance of snow 70 percent. Sunday Low 0 High 28 Mostly cloudy with isolated snow showers in the morning... Then partly sunny with scattered snow showers in the afternoon. Cold with highs in the upper 20s. West winds 10 to 15 mph with gusts up to 30 mph. Chance of snow 40 percent. Wind chill values as low as zero. Sunday Night Low 14 Partly cloudy in the evening...then clearing. Cold with lows around 14. Southwest winds 10 to 15 mph with gusts up to 25 mph. Monday High 40 Sunny in the morning...then becoming partly sunny. Not as cool with highs around 40. Monday Night Low 28 Cloudy. A chance of snow showers after midnight. Not as cold with lows in the upper 20s. Chance of snow 30 percent. Tuesday and Tuesday Night Low 30 High 42 Cloudy with a chance of rain and snow showers. Highs in the lower 40s. Lows around 30. Chance of precipitation 50 percent. Wednesday High 42 Mostly cloudy. A chance of snow and rain showers in the morning. Highs in the lower 40s. Chance of precipitation 30 percent. Wednesday Night Low 32 Mostly cloudy. Lows in the lower 30s. Thursday High 48 Mostly cloudy with a chance of rain showers. Highs in the upper 40s. Chance of rain 30 percent. Thursday Night Low 35 Mostly cloudy with a 40 percent chance of showers. Lows in the mid 30s. Friday High 48 Mostly cloudy with a 30 percent chance of showers. Highs in the upper 40s. Click here for Weekend Forecast Doppler Radar and Maps More Rain, Snow & Precipitation Maps Enlarge Regional Map National Map Severe Weather Alerts More Latest Warnings & Watches Local Alerts National Alerts Mobile Alerts Live Weather Cameras More Local Camera West Virginia University Mountaineer Field Morgantown, WV Enlarge Health & Outdoors More Air Quality, UV Index & More Trails Air Quality UV Index Thursday\'s Weather Outlook Rain will sock large stretches of the East while the West enjoys sunshine, dry weather and comfortable temperatures. What weather can you expect Thursday ... More Products and Services For Your Home Free Weather Software Premium Software Subscription Mobile WeatherBug Backyard Weather Station WeatherBug Blog New WeatherBug Video Player For Your Business First Responders WeatherBug for Your Company Commercial Weather Stations Services for Broadcast Outlets School Programs K-12 Free Weather for Your Website WeatherBug FREE Weather Software WeatherBug Software Downloads 79,770,925 New! Watch WeatherBug Videos Forecast Maps More Current Temps Enlarge Map National Map Highs Today Enlarge Map National Map Lows Tonight Enlarge Map National Map Highs Tomorrow Enlarge Map National Map Featured Photos Enlarge Photo More Photos Submit Your Photo Photo of the Day "Neat sky!" Storm Central More Weekend Weather Outlook Winter cold will be the main story this weekend, with some of the coldest readings of the season tracking through the East.... More Arctic Blast, Lake-Effect Snow Invades Great Lakes... More Storm to Blast Snow Into Midwest, Northeast... More Twin Cities Winter Fourth Warmest on Record... More World Weather More World Forecasts & Conditions Select a City World Weather World Weather Maps More WeatherBug Stations Next closest WeatherBug weather stations to Weston, WV 26452 32.0 F Clarksburg Benedum Airport , Bridgeport, WV 32.0 F Elkins-Randolph County , Elkins, WV 34.4 F A.I. Boreman ES , Middlebourne, WV Select a different WeatherBug station Local Forecast Doppler Radar Alerts Weather Cameras Photos Health/Outdoors Storm Central U.S. World WeatherBug.com | About Us | Press & Testimonials | Support | Contact | Feedback Free Download | Mobile | Business | Education | Media/Broadcast | Government | Advertising Read our Terms of Use. By clicking to download WeatherBug, you agree to these terms. WeatherBug, 2006. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00212', '> Weston, WV 26452 2/10/2012 Local Forecast Doppler Radar Alerts Weather Cameras Photos Health/Outdoors Storm Central U.S. World Change Location New WeatherBug Video Player Forecast for Weston, WV 26452 2/10/2012 7-Day Forecast Weekend Forecast Forecast Maps Averages Important Message Winter weather advisory in effect until 7 AM est Sunday. Tonight Low 28 Snow. Additional snow accumulation around an inch. Cold with lows in the upper 20s. Southwest winds around 5 mph. Chance of snow 80 percent. Saturday Low 22 High 28 Snow. Areas of blowing snow in the afternoon. Additional snow accumulation of 1 to 3 inches. Blustery and cold with highs in the upper 20s. Temperature falling into the lower 20s in the afternoon. Southwest winds 10 to 15 mph...becoming northwest 15 to 20 mph in the afternoon. Gusts up to 35 mph. Chance of snow 90 percent. Saturday Night Low 15 Cloudy. Snow showers likely...mainly in the evening. Total snow accumulation of 3 to 5 inches possible. Brisk and colder with lows around 15. Northwest winds 15 to 20 mph with gusts up to 30 mph. Chance of snow 70 percent. Sunday Low 0 High 28 Mostly cloudy with isolated snow showers in the morning... Then partly sunny with scattered snow showers in the afternoon. Cold with highs in the upper 20s. West winds 10 to 15 mph with gusts up to 30 mph. Chance of snow 40 percent. Wind chill values as low as zero. Sunday Night Low 14 Partly cloudy in the evening...then clearing. Cold with lows around 14. Southwest winds 10 to 15 mph with gusts up to 25 mph. Monday High 40 Sunny in the morning...then becoming partly sunny. Not as cool with highs around 40. Monday Night Low 28 Cloudy. A chance of snow showers after midnight. Not as cold with lows in the upper 20s. Chance of snow 30 percent. Tuesday and Tuesday Night Low 30 High 42 Cloudy with a chance of rain and snow showers. Highs in the lower 40s. Lows around 30. Chance of precipitation 50 percent. Wednesday High 42 Mostly cloudy. A chance of snow and rain showers in the morning. Highs in the lower 40s. Chance of precipitation 30 percent. Wednesday Night Low 32 Mostly cloudy. Lows in the lower 30s. Thursday High 48 Mostly cloudy with a chance of rain showers. Highs in the upper 40s. Chance of rain 30 percent. Thursday Night Low 35 Mostly cloudy with a 40 percent chance of showers. Lows in the mid 30s. Friday High 48 Mostly cloudy with a 30 percent chance of showers. Highs in the upper 40s. Click here for Weekend Forecast Doppler Radar and Maps More Rain, Snow & Precipitation Maps Enlarge Regional Map National Map Severe Weather Alerts More Latest Warnings & Watches Local Alerts National Alerts Mobile Alerts Live Weather Cameras More Local Camera West Virginia University Mountaineer Field Morgantown, WV Enlarge Health & Outdoors More Air Quality, UV Index & More Trails Air Quality UV Index Thursday\'s Weather Outlook Rain will sock large stretches of the East while the West enjoys sunshine, dry weather and comfortable temperatures. What weather can you expect Thursday ... More Products and Services For Your Home Free Weather Software Premium Software Subscription Mobile WeatherBug Backyard Weather Station WeatherBug Blog New WeatherBug Video Player For Your Business First Responders WeatherBug for Your Company Commercial Weather Stations Services for Broadcast Outlets School Programs K-12 Free Weather for Your Website WeatherBug FREE Weather Software WeatherBug Software Downloads 79,770,925 New! Watch WeatherBug Videos Forecast Maps More Current Temps Enlarge Map National Map Highs Today Enlarge Map National Map Lows Tonight Enlarge Map National Map Highs Tomorrow Enlarge Map National Map Featured Photos Enlarge Photo More Photos Submit Your Photo Photo of the Day "Neat sky!" Storm Central More Weekend Weather Outlook Winter cold will be the main story this weekend, with some of the coldest readings of the season tracking through the East.... More Arctic Blast, Lake-Effect Snow Invades Great Lakes... More Storm to Blast Snow Into Midwest, Northeast... More Twin Cities Winter Fourth Warmest on Record... More World Weather More World Forecasts & Conditions Select a City World Weather World Weather Maps More WeatherBug Stations Next closest WeatherBug weather stations to Weston, WV 26452 32.0 F Clarksburg Benedum Airport , Bridgeport, WV 32.0 F Elkins-Randolph County , Elkins, WV 34.4 F A.I. Boreman ES , Middlebourne, WV Select a different WeatherBug station Local Forecast Doppler Radar Alerts Weather Cameras Photos Health/Outdoors Storm Central U.S. World WeatherBug.com | About Us | Press & Testimonials | Support | Contact | Feedback Free Download | Mobile | Business | Education | Media/Broadcast | Government | Advertising Read our Terms of Use. By clicking to download WeatherBug, you agree to these terms. WeatherBug, 2006. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00214', '> Weston, WV 26452 2/10/2012 Local Forecast Doppler Radar Alerts Weather Cameras Photos Health/Outdoors Storm Central U.S. World Click to set this station as your default Current Weather Conditions 2/10/2012 Live Conditions 4 51 PM WITI-TV 9 mph 12.7 F Click to set this station as your default Tracking Station Sponsors Live Weather Cameras More Local Camera West Virginia University Mountaineer Field Morgantown, WV Enlarge Doppler Radar and Maps More Rain, Snow & Precipitation Maps Enlarge Regional Map National Map More Observations for WITI-TV Temperature 12.7 F Pressure 30.05" Average Wind 14mph N Sunrise 6 56 AM Humidity 81% Sunset 5 16 PM Dew Point 8 F Moonphase 90 Wind Chill 0 F Monthly Rain 0.00" So Far Today High 31 F Low 12 F Rain 0.00" Rain Rate 0.00"/h Gusts 33mph N Show a list of all stations within the WITI coverage area')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00215', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns fb "http //developers.facebook.com/schema/" xmlns og "http //opengraphprotocol.org/schema/"> My Oscars Join / Sign In Sign Out ABC - Tune In Live Sunday Feb 26 7e|4p home nominees my picks video photos blogs oscar buzz oscar history Nominated with Dave Karger Oscar Dailies Nominations See More Videos Out of Character Portraits of This Year\'s Acting Nominees Love Stories - Best Picture Winners Celebrate Valentine\'s Day See More Photos The Official Oscar Schedule Breaking News - Emma Stone to Present at 84th Academy Awards Celebrate the Movies - SAY ANYTHING See More Blogs My Picks Cast Your Vote My Picks Oscar Ballot Your Progress 0 20 40 60 80 100 % Back to your Ballot Create your Ballot The Artist Best Picture / The Artist The Descendants Extremely Loud & Incredibly Close The Help Hugo Midnight in Paris Moneyball The Tree of Life War Horse Directing / The Artist Michel Hazanavicius The Descendants Alexander Payne Hugo Martin Scorsese Midnight in Paris Woody Allen The Tree of Life Terrence Malick Actor In a Leading Role / Demi n Bichir A Better Life George Clooney The Descendants Jean Dujardin The Artist Gary Oldman Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy Brad Pitt Moneyball Actress In a Leading Role / Glenn Close Albert Nobbs Viola Davis The Help Rooney Mara The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo Meryl Streep The Iron Lady Michelle Williams My Week With Marilyn Actor In a Supporting Role / Kenneth Branagh My Week With Marilyn Jonah Hill Moneyball Nick Nolte Warrior Christopher Plummer Beginners Max von Sydow Extremely Loud & Incredibly Close Actress In a Supporting Role / B r nice Bejo The Artist Jessica Chastain The Help Melissa McCarthy Bridesmaids Janet McTeer Albert Nobbs Octavia Spencer The Help Music Original Score / The Adventures of Tintin John Williams The Artist Ludovic Bource Hugo Howard Shore Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy Alberto Iglesias War Horse John Williams Makeup / Albert Nobbs Martial Corneville, Lynn Johnston and Matthew W. Mungle Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows Part 2 Nick Dudman, Amanda Knight and Lisa Tomblin The Iron Lady Mark Coulier and J. Roy Helland Costume Design / Anonymous Lisy Christl The Artist Mark Bridges Hugo Sandy Powell Jane Eyre Michael O\'Connor W.E. Arianne Phillips Cinematography / The Artist Guillaume Schiffman The Girl With The Dragon Tattoo Jeff Cronenweth Hugo Robert Richardson The Tree of Life Emmanuel Lubezki War Horse Janusz Kaminski Film Editing / The Artist Anne-Sophie Bion and Michel Hazanavicius The Descendants Kevin Tent The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo Kirk Baxter and Angus Wall Hugo Thelma Schoonmaker Moneyball Christopher Tellefsen Writing Original Screenplay / The Artist Written by Michel Hazanavicius Bridesmaids Written by Annie Mumolo & Kristen Wiig Margin Call Written by J.C. Chandor Midnight in Paris Written by Woody Allen A Separation Written by Asghar Farhadi Art Direction / The Artist Laurence Bennett Production Design ; Robert Gould Set Decoration Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows Part 2 Stuart Craig Production Design ; Stephenie McMillan Set Decoration Hugo Dante Ferretti Production Design ; Francesca Lo Schiavo Set Decoration Midnight in Paris Anne Seibel Production Design ; H l ne Dubreuil Set Decoration War Horse Rick Carter Production Design ; Lee Sandales Set Decoration Documentary Short / The Barber of Birmingham Foot Soldier of the Civil Rights Movement Robin Fryday and Gail Dolgin God is the Bigger Elvis Rebecca Cammisa and Julie Anderson Incident in New Baghdad James Spione Saving Face Daniel Junge and Sharmeen Obaid-Chinoy The Tsunami and the Cherry Blossom Lucy Walker and Kira Carstensen Foreign Language Film / Belgium, "Bullhead" Michael R. Roskam, director Canada, "Monsieur Lazhar" Philippe Falardeau, director Iran, "A Separation" Asghar Farhadi, director Israel, "Footnote" Joseph Cedar, director Poland, "In Darkness" Agnieszka Holland, director Animated Feature Film / A Cat in Paris Alain Gagnol and Jean-Loup Felicioli Chico & Rita Fernando Trueba and Javier Mariscal Kung Fu Panda 2 Jennifer Yuh Nelson Puss in Boots Chris Miller Rango Gore Verbinski Writing Adapted Screenplay / The Descendants Screenplay by Alexander Payne and Nat Faxon & Jim Rash Hugo Screenplay by John Logan The Ides of March Screenplay by George Clooney & Grant Heslov and Beau Willimon Moneyball Screenplay by Steven Zaillian and Aaron Sorkin. Story by Stan Chervin Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy Screenplay by Bridget O\'Connor & Peter Straughan Short Film Animated / Dimanche/Sunday Patrick Doyon The Fantastic Flying Books of Mr. Morris Lessmore William Joyce and Brandon Oldenburg La Luna Enrico Casarosa A Morning Stroll Grant Orchard and Sue Goffe Wild Life Amanda Forbis and Wendy Tilby Sound Editing / Drive Lon Bender and Victor Ray Ennis The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo Ren Klyce Hugo Philip Stockton and Eugene Gearty Transformers Dark of the Moon Ethan Van der Ryn and Erik Aadahl War Horse Richard Hymns and Gary Rydstrom Sound Mixing / The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo David Parker, Michael Semanick, Ren Klyce and Bo Persson Hugo Tom Fleischman and John Midgley Moneyball Deb Adair, Ron Bochar, David Giammarco and Ed Novick Transformers Dark of the Moon Greg P. Russell, Gary Summers, Jeffrey J. Haboush and Peter J. Devlin War Horse Gary Rydstrom, Andy Nelson, Tom Johnson and Stuart Wilson Visual Effects / Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows Part 2 Tim Burke, David Vickery, Greg Butler and John Richardson Hugo Rob Legato, Joss Williams, Ben Grossmann and Alex Henning Real Steel Erik Nash, John Rosengrant, Dan Taylor and Swen Gillberg Rise of the Planet of the Apes Joe Letteri, Dan Lemmon, R. Christopher White and Daniel Barrett Transformers Dark of the Moon Scott Farrar, Scott Benza, Matthew Butler and John Frazier. Documentary Feature / Hell and Back Again Danfung Dennis and Mike Lerner If a Tree Falls A Story of the Earth Liberation Front Marshall Curry and Sam Cullman Paradise Lost 3 Purgatory Joe Berlinger and Bruce Sinofsky Pina Wim Wenders and Gian-Piero Ringel Undefeated TJ Martin, Dan Lindsay and Rich Middlemas Music Original Song / "Man or Muppet" from THE MUPPETS Music and Lyric by Bret McKenzie Real in Rio from RIO Music by Sergio Mendes and Carlinhos Brown; Lyric by Siedah Garrett Short Film Live Action / Pentecost Peter McDonald and Eimear O\'Kane Raju Max Z hle and Stefan Gieren The Shore Terry George and Oorlagh George Time Freak Andrew Bowler and Gigi Causey Tuba Atlantic Hallvar Witz Top Come back on Oscar night Picks will update live with the show FAQ / Close / X Frequently Asked Questions And Answers to Them How to Play Log in to your Facebook account and allow permissions for the Oscar.com application. Then Make your predictions by selecting a nominee for each category. Turn On Play with Friends to connect with your Facebook friends who have also turned on this feature. Share your ballot to invite more friends into the game. Come back on Event Night to track your picks; scores will update live during the show! Make your predictions before ceremony begins selections can t be made once the show starts. Why isn\'t anyone appearing on my list after I turned "On" the Play with Friends feature Only your Facebook friends who have also turned "On" this feature will appear on your list. Sharing your ballot will help get more of your friends into the game! Can I make some picks now and come back later to make more Also, can I change my selections Yes and yes. Be sure to complete your picks before the start of the ceremony because you won\'t be able to make or change picks once the show begins. Can I make picks during the show No. As previously mentioned, you won\'t be able to make/change picks once the show begins. When are results of "My Picks" displayed Picks will update during the show. Your Facebook friends will be arranged from highest scores to lowest, indicating who made the most accurate predictions. Results will remain posted after the show as well. Can I print the "My Picks" ballot No, but there is a general printable ballot available here Print Ballot Do I have to be logged into Facebook in order to play Yes. My Picks/ Create your ballot and play with friends Go to Oscar Home / FAQ / Printable Ballot / Log in to Facebook to play My Picks Get Started 1 Turn on "Play with Friends" to compare your picks 2 Make your picks & Share your ballot 3 Picks will update live on event night Terms & Conditions Login to Facebook to play Logout of Facebook Play with Friends On Off Challenge your friends early. Facebook connect will lock once the show starts. Home Video Photos History Oscar Buzz Login Register Alerts About The Show oscars.org abc.com Contact Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy Facebook Twitter YouTube New to ABC.com Join Sign In Sign Out')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00216', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns fb "http //developers.facebook.com/schema/" xmlns og "http //opengraphprotocol.org/schema/"> My Oscars Join / Sign In Sign Out ABC - Tune In Live Sunday Feb 26 7e|4p home nominees my picks video photos blogs oscar buzz oscar history Nominated with Dave Karger Oscar Dailies Nominations See More Videos Out of Character Portraits of This Year\'s Acting Nominees Love Stories - Best Picture Winners Celebrate Valentine\'s Day See More Photos The Official Oscar Schedule Breaking News - Emma Stone to Present at 84th Academy Awards Celebrate the Movies - SAY ANYTHING See More Blogs Celebrate the Movies Photo Gallery 42 photos / 1 / 42 Photos 0/42 2/42 previous 1 / 42 Photos next Top Gun The Academy celebrates 84 years of Oscars Featured / Related Galleries Celebrate Valentine\'s Day 4 photos / Out of Character Portraits of This Year\'s Acting Nominees 20 photos / Out of Character Behind-the-Scenes 17 photos / Countdown / To The Academy Awards Oscar Alerts The Latest Signup For the latest Oscar Updates. Whether you re at home, or on the go you ll always know what s happening. Enter Your Email / Home Video Photos History Oscar Buzz Login Register Alerts About The Show oscars.org abc.com Contact Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy Facebook Twitter YouTube New to ABC.com Join Sign In Sign Out')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00217', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns fb "http //developers.facebook.com/schema/" xmlns og "http //opengraphprotocol.org/schema/"> My Oscars Join / Sign In Sign Out ABC - Tune In Live Sunday Feb 26 7e|4p home nominees my picks video photos blogs oscar buzz oscar history Nominated with Dave Karger Oscar Dailies Nominations See More Videos Out of Character Portraits of This Year\'s Acting Nominees Love Stories - Best Picture Winners Celebrate Valentine\'s Day See More Photos The Official Oscar Schedule Breaking News - Emma Stone to Present at 84th Academy Awards Celebrate the Movies - SAY ANYTHING See More Blogs Out of Character Portraits of This Year\'s Acting Nominees Photo Gallery 20 photos / 1 / 20 Photos 0/20 2/20 previous 1 / 20 Photos next GEORGE CLOONEY 2011 Academy Award Nominee Actor in a Leading Role THE DESCENDANTS Photographed by Douglas Kirkland on February 6, 2012 Featured / Related Galleries Celebrate the Movies 42 photos / Celebrate Valentine\'s Day 4 photos / Out of Character Behind-the-Scenes 17 photos / Countdown / To The Academy Awards Oscar Alerts The Latest Signup For the latest Oscar Updates. Whether you re at home, or on the go you ll always know what s happening. Enter Your Email / Home Video Photos History Oscar Buzz Login Register Alerts About The Show oscars.org abc.com Contact Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy Facebook Twitter YouTube New to ABC.com Join Sign In Sign Out')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00218', 'lang "en" xmlns fb "http //www.facebook.com/2008/fbml"> Indiewire Browse the indiewire network About Spout Buzz Discussions Lists Reviews Videos Review 2012 Animated Short Oscar Noms Interview Oscar Nominee Marshall Curry Review 2012 Live Action Short Oscar Noms Review "Ultrasuede" Review "Pina" Review "El Bulli" Watch 2 Early Shorts by Brad Peyton 10 Monster Weddings On DVD "Koran by Heart" Before "Project Nim" "Project X" Watch 6 Min. of "Project Nim" Valentine\'s Love Letter to Epic Romances 1 print subscribe sponsored by Review and Ranking of the 2012 Oscar-Nominated Animated Shorts Reviews by Christopher Campbell | Tue Feb 07 15 42 36 EST 2012 | 1 Comment Curious which Oscar-nominated animated short film will win the Academy Award on February 26 Well, I\'m no prognosticator and I honestly don\'t really care which little-known filmmaker takes home the golden statue. But I am happy the Oscars exist and have the animated short category because it means that moviegoers have at least one chance a year to see at least five supposedly exceptional animated shorts in the theater. There\'s usually at least one in the bunch I\'m not that in love with, but even 4 out of 5 makes for a great program, especially when the best films are really something special. And maybe you, like the Academy, will enjoy them all. This year\'s Oscar-nominated shorts will be released to theaters this Friday, February 10. I\'ve seen all five of the animated shorts and have ranked them in order of my favor below with review and preview notes. 1. La Luna I know it s somewhat obvious and boring to name a Pixar short as the best, but I m no constant Pixar champion. I do think they produce some really weak ones, including those that get nominated Boundin for example , and anyway they don t win all the time. In fact, they haven t won the Oscar in this category in a decade. Last year they did actually deserve it with the clever 3D piece Day & Night and now they deserve it again with this 7-minute Italo Calvino -inspired short written and directed by Enrico Casarosa, previously a story artist on Cars, Ratatouille and Up and head of story on an upcoming Pixar feature. So what makes the short so wonderful It s the most basic, timeless and magical kind of storytelling, and cinematographically, with its blend of computer animation and watercolor/pastel backdrops, it s the one short among these nominees that I wish I d seen on the big screen I still can, I suppose . It features three generations of males in a family of moon sweepers. I guess I shouldn t give away entirely what that entails, but it involves a fresh yet familiar kind of myth about the moon, something that could be as lasting, at least for the sake of children s wonder, as the lunar deities and the Man in the Moon. With its kinship to Georges Melies A Trip to the Moon, I think this is to Hugo what the next film is to The Artist maybe that means the next film will actually win . Watch the trailer 2. The Fantastic Flying Books of Mr. Morris Lessmore Keeping somewhat with the theme of celebrating old movies, this hybrid of miniatures, computer animation and 2D animation fits well in this year s Academy Awards roster. The 15-minute work begins in New Orleans as a Katrina-like storm busts through the French Quarter while the title character, a bit of a mash-up between Buster Keaton and Charlie Chaplin s tramp, is reading a book. Even the words are blown off the pages and eventually an obvious Wizard of Oz allusion brings Mr. Morris Lessmore through the air and then grounds him in a now-black-and-white disaster area. But soon the playful Katrina stuff is gone as the man comes across a house filled with flying, clapping, piano-playing, life-giving books of all shapes and sizes. Think of it somewhere between the extremes of Disney s Alice in Wonderland and The Pagemaster with a touch of Pleasantville thrown in. While I appreciate its ability to tell a story without dialogue, I think it helps too much that the story here has little sense or reason behind it. And is it saying that literature will fix all of the Big Easy s problems This short does look great, however, and you can tell this film is written and directed by a veteran author of children s books and producer of animated features such as Louisiana s own William Joyce, who has worked for Pixar, Disney, Fox Animation and now for an upcoming feature adaptation of his series Guardians of Childhood DreamWorks Animation. Co-directed by Brandon Oldenburg, a conceptual artist who previously worked with Joyce on Robots. Watch in full 3. A Morning Stroll Continuing the streak of relatively dialogue-free shorts with homage to old cinema, this is an amusing cartoon inspired by a very short story by Linda Elegant titled The Chicken, which is allegedly real and therefore included in Paul Auster s True Tales of American Life also posted in full here . The original tale simply involves the sighting of a chicken on what seemed to be an independent morning stroll down the street and up to its residence, where the bird knocked on the door and was subsequently let inside. In only 7 minutes, Grant Orchard 2003 s Welcome to Glaringly, which you can watch here expands on the surreal idea with three separate reenactments in three different time periods, each rendered in a corresponding animation style. The end of the third bit provides a kind of punchline for the whole thing after climaxing with a post-apocalyptic zombie attack. The first act is the classic cinema tribute in that it s very simple animation presented as if projected with old-timey flicker. I d love to see the rest of Auster s crowd-sourced collection adapted with such fun and inventive bits. Watch the trailer 4. Wild Life I m sure I should like this one a bit more than I do. And I actually do think it s quite good, but it s directed by Amanda Forbis and Wendy Tilby, who really captivated us with their 1999 Oscar nominee, When the Day Breaks watch that one here . Tilby also was nominated in 1992 for Strings, which I also find stylishly superior watch that one here . I figure this sleepy, somber western tale of an Englishman trying to make it in the Wild West of Alberta in 1909, as an analogical comet flies by overhead I assume it s meant to be Halley s , is not really worthy of being the work that finally gets the filmmakers their Academy Award unless it s really for career achievement purposes. Watch the trailer 5. Dimanche Sunday My least favorite of the five is this crudely drawn and slightly morbid tale of a little Canadian boy s Sunday, which consists of church, company and coins, the last of which he flattens on the railroad tracks. Also squashed is a dog run-over by his family car and what appears to be part of his imagination. I lost interest in the story and the skewed traditional animation quite early in the 9-minute short, which was directed by Patrick Doyon, and I was disappointed that it didn t at least have a cheap gag thrown in at the end. I m just as upset that I would even wish for such a thing. Watch the trailer Follow Christopher Campbell on Twitter @thefilmcynic Follow Spout on Twitter @Spout Reviews get email updates More Shorts, Short Film, Awards, Oscars, Academy Awards, Pixar, Animation, Reviews, Reviews 1 Comment | Reply Stephen | Tue Feb 07 16 26 15 EST 2012 Reply Thanks for the reviews and the links! A local art institute in my midwest city is playing all the nominated shorts not the docs, unfortunately and I\'m excited to see them all on the big screen. Follow Us Like Tweet Email Subscribe Email Updates Get the latest headlines from Spout delivered to your inbox every day. Clooney & Payne talk Oscars competition with Anne Thompson Monthly Archives February 2012 5 January 2012 33 December 2011 19 November 2011 36 October 2011 30 September 2011 43 Most "Liked" Review and Ranking of the 2012 Oscar-Nominated ... like 17 Review and Ranking of the 2012 Oscar-Nominated ... like 3 Short Starts Watch Two Tim Burton-ish ... like 2 "If a Tree Falls" Director Marshall ... like 1 Around The Network Ryan Reynolds & Denzel Washington Talk Sociopaths, Black Eyes, The \'Bourne\' Influence & Stunt Driving In \'Safe House\' The Playlist like 4 Lilyhammer Take the Gun, Leave the Sheep\'s Head. Silvio Goes to Norway Caryn James like 2 \'SHOULD WIN\' VIDEO ESSAY SERIES Best Actress Viola Davis, THE HELP Press Play like 11 \'SHOULD WIN\' VIDEO ESSAY SERIES Best Supporting Actress Janet McTeer, ALBERT NOBBS Press Play like 9 Clooney and Payne Talk at Oscar Nominee Lunch, Measuring Applause Thompson on Hollywood like 12 the network Eric Kohn Hope for Film Caryn James Leonard Maltin Peter Bogdanovich Peter Knegt Press Play ReelPolitik Shadow and Act Spout Sydney Levine The Playlist Thompson on Hollywood Women and Hollywood indiewire Sitemap About Team Advertise Indiewire Jobs Privacy Terms of Service categories News Reviews Awards Festivals Box Office Filmmaker Toolkit A SnagFilms Co. editors@indiewire.com Designed By Independent Content Developed By Perfect Sense Digital')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00219', 'lang "en" xmlns fb "http //www.facebook.com/2008/fbml"> Indiewire Browse the indiewire network About The Playlist Awards Features News Interviews Reviews 5 Songs That Should\'ve Been Nominated For ... Review \'Safe House\' Is An Intense, But All-Too ... Review Bela Tarr\'s Swan Song \'The Turin ... Ryan Reynolds & Denzel Washington Talk Sociopaths, ... Oren Moverman Attached To Direct Turn Of ... Ben Drew AKA Plan B Talks About His Feature ... What Could Be The Blockbuster Casualties ... Our Complete 2012 Sundance Coverage Why \'Chronicle\' Is A Step In The Right Direction ... Review \'Chronicle\' Is Clever, Refreshin ... Review \'The Woman In Black\' A Smart, Stylish ... Jane Goldman Adapting Eisner Award-Winning ... Diablo Cody Says The Lack Of Women In Creative ... Watch Lenny Kravitz Talks Playing Cinna ... Nicolas Winding Refn Says \'Drive\' Was About ... Breakout Sundance Performers & Directors Mary Elizabeth Winstead Talks \'Smashed\' & ... \'Simon Killer\' Crew Talks Sociopaths, Sex ... James Marsh Working On An Adaptation Of \'The ... Madonna & Andrea Riseborough Talk The Music ... Kristen Bell Talks Big Miracle, Playing ... Joe Berlinger Talks \'West of Memphis\' Fr ... Sundance Review \'The Surrogate\' Clarke Peters & Nate Parker Talk \'Red Hook ... 12 print subscribe sponsored by 5 Songs That Should\'ve Been Nominated For An Oscar & Would Have Made The Live Show More Fun Features by Oliver Lyttelton | Wed Feb 08 12 57 04 EST 2012 | 12 Comments Never exactly the finest hour of the Oscars, the Best Original Song category of the Academy Awards this year has been something of a fiasco. First it was nominations with only two tracks -- "Man or Muppet" from " The Muppets " and "Real In Rio" from the animated film " Rio " -- making the cut. Then, at the start of this week, Deadline broke the news that neither song would be performed as part of the Oscar telecast, seemingly in the ever-vain hope of keeping the running time of the ceremony under three hours, despite protestations from those behind the two films, and many others. The category has always been a somewhat extraneous side-bar, but at its best think Bj rk for " Dancer in the Dark, " Robin Williams leading high-kicking mounties in a rendition of "Blame Canada," or Glen Hansard and Marketa Inglova performing, and winning, for "Falling Slowly" from " Once ." , it can provide some of the biggest talking points of the night. The move not to honor the nominees this year isn\'t unprecedented they were also skipped two years ago , but it seems to signify a lack of confidence in the category from the Academy, and a possible signifier that its place may not be long for this world. It\'s principally the fault of the music branch\'s new voting system. The short version of the process is that a song from a film has to score an average of over 8.25 to become a nominee, although if no contenders make that mark, the two highest will be picked, which may well have been the case this year. It\'s the worst possible system, and will hopefully be scrapped in future years. But assuming the branch got their shit together, were there any worthier nominees than the two rather mediocre ones they picked Well, yes, in fact. Below, we\'ve picked out five original songs that deserved a place on the list on merit alone, and that could have livened up the Academy Awards broadcast to no end. We\'ve kept ourselves to eligible songs -- written specifically for the film, and featuring in the body of the movie, or as the first song in the end credits -- but still found plenty that were worthier than "Real In Rio." Listen to our picks below. "Life\'s A Happy Song" - Jason Segel, Amy Adams, Walter, Feist & Mickey Rooney "The Muppets" While "The Muppets," the closest thing to an original live-action musical we\'ve had in some time, was always going to get one nomination, it\'s a testament to the songwriter\'s branch that they somehow managed to nominate the least engaging song of the film. "Man Or Muppet" is sort of fun, but how do you resist the upbeat, catchy charms of "Life\'s A Happy Song," the Bret McKenzie -penned opening number that wasn\'t just the highlight of the soundtrack, but also the whole film It\'s an earworm, it\'s got big laughs, puppets, a solo showcase for A-lister Amy Adams , and even the opportunity to get 91-year-old veteran Mickey Rooney on the stage for his one-line cameo. Not nominating this one suggests that even the songwriters\' branch don\'t care about the category anymore. "Hiding Tonight" - Alex Turner "Submarine" At least for this one, the actual voters can\'t be blamed for whatever reason probably the film\'s less than stellar box office performance , The Weinstein Company seemingly chose not to submit any of Arctic Monkeys frontman Alex Turner \'s six original compositions that make up the soundtrack to Richard Ayoade \'s charming debut for consideration. It\'s an awful shame, as no picture this year so closely interweaved its song-score with the film, which is meant to be the point of the category. Turner, who\'s still a mere 26, is one of the most gifted songwriters of his generation, melding melody with incisive, witty lyrics, and the swooning "Hiding Tonight" is the highlight of his work on "Submarine," although really any of the tunes could have made the cut. "Think You Can Wait" - The National ft. Sharon Van Etten "Win Win" This one caused a little internal debate, but even The Playlist\'s head honchos, who are less enamored of The National\' s brand of muscular Springsteen -indebted rock than this writer, had to admit that their contribution to Tom McCarthy \'s " Win Win " was more deserving of a nomination than 95% of the field. A trademark ballad of male inadequacy and self-destruction, featuring backing vocals by Brooklyn singer-songwriter Sharon Van Etten , it\'s a beautiful little number, and given how huge the band have gotten these days, could have made for a performance that helped bring in new viewers to the telecast. Maybe it was the placement of the film\'s end credits that did it in, but alas, we\'ll never know. "Hanna\'s Theme" - The Chemical Brothers ft. Stephanie Dosen "Hanna" Another one never submitted for consideration, this is the sole vocal track from Chemical Brothers\' score for Joe Wright \'s pop-art actioner " Hanna ." Featuring haunting vocals from singer-songwriter and occasional Massive Attack member Stephanie Dosen , it\'s a neat crystalization of the childlike, fairy-tale feel of both the film. But if you\'re looking to get on the dancefllor, the score isn\'t afraid to unleash some block-rocking beats when needed. There\'s basically no precedent for something of this sort being nominated and performed at the show, but you can\'t say it wouldn\'t have livened things up, and it certainly deserves it on merit. Note the video below is not official, but the only embed we could find that wouldn\'t make you jump to YouTube to hear it . "Shelter" - Ben Nichols "Take Shelter" Ok, so " Take Shelter " isn\'t exactly the kind of movie that the Best Original Song category usually features, and neither is "Shelter" the theme tune by Ben Nichols , frontman of Memphis band Lucero . But then, it\'s only two years since "The Weary Kind" from " Crazy Heart " won the Oscar, and last year saw "Country Strong" from " Country Strong " nominated, so it\'s not inconceivable for something like this to be featured, and Nichols\' acoustic, country-tinged ballad is a far more robust song than most of the nominations, and certainly more interesting than those from bigger stars like Mary J. Blige and Chris Cornell . Plus, with Michael Shannon missing out on an actor nomination, it would have been a nice bit of exposure for a film that needed more. Also Worthy "Star Spangled Man" from " Captain America The First Avenger " comes from multiple nominee Alan Menken , and would have made a pretty impressive production number, while Zaz \'s "Coeur Valant" from " Hugo " was a pretty little French tune that could have brought a little international flavor. Meanwhile, Elvis Costello, She & Him and J ns i also had songs from, respectively, " One Day ," " Winnie The Pooh " and " We Bought a Zoo " that, while far from their best work, are more deserving than "Real In Rio." Speaking of, if they were going to nominate a song from " Rio ," why not highlight "Pretty Bird," a genuinely funny showcase for the film\'s villain Nigel, voiced by Jemaine Clement Which, if nothing else, would have made the category a showdown between the two members of Flight of the Conchords . Finally, if Three Six Mafia can win for "It\'s Hard Out There For A Pimp," why not "Get That Snitch" from " Attack the Block " Features get email updates More Oscars, Academy Awards, Submarine, Alex Turner, Win Win, The National, The Muppets, The Chemical Brothers, Hanna, Take Shelter 13 Comments | Reply Rik | Thu Feb 09 18 07 40 EST 2012 Reply You have to have a heart of iron not to love Zaz\'s "Coeur Valant" from "Hugo". My selection for the year\'s best. At least the score is nominated. andrea | Thu Feb 09 15 24 34 EST 2012 Reply it\'s a scandal the 2 songs nominated this year on the Oscars...Madonna with her Masterpiece from W.E. would deserve the nomination, epecially after winning the Golden Globe! iche | Thu Feb 09 08 41 33 EST 2012 Reply god, you guys are so white. ben | Wed Feb 08 18 02 59 EST 2012 Reply I think you might be confusing the National with the Hold Steady rodie | Wed Feb 08 16 44 30 EST 2012 Reply The entire Submarine EP from Alex Turner is really gorgeous singing and songwriting. I love it. Cinematic_high | Wed Feb 08 16 38 25 EST 2012 Reply Alex Turner\'s "It\'s Hard To Get Around The Wind" should of been nominated. It\'s not only the best song on the entire soundtrack, but it\'s one of the best songs he\'s ever written in his career so far! I do agree with you on "Life\'s A Happy Song"....that snub pissed me off! You seriously need to give The National a serious listen because the silly comparison you made is inaccurate as fuck! Why don\'t we just call Bruno Mars a modern day Marvin Gaye while we\'re at it Oogle monster | Wed Feb 08 16 24 02 EST 2012 Reply Life\'s A Happy Song is by far the best song in The Muppets. Man or Muppet is catchy and unique but I couldn\'t get the former out of my head for WEEKS. cirkusfolk | Wed Feb 08 15 36 02 EST 2012 Reply Love The National but anyone else hear shades of Berlin\'s Take My Breath Away in there song Now there is a great song from a movie. anonymouse | Wed Feb 08 14 17 32 EST 2012 Reply the national\'s springsteen influenced muscular rock WTF ! have you ever heard any of their albums this has to be the weirdest description of them i have ever read. they\'re a bit more nuanced adult indie than muscle rock. good list, tho. @DJAHa | Wed Feb 08 13 48 17 EST 2012 Reply Brap brap brap. Nik Grape | Wed Feb 08 13 36 31 EST 2012 Reply To be honest the Best Song category was always the least one I cared about and, more often than not, the songs nominated were a drag to sit through save for the song from Once which was a delight . If they got rid of this category all together I wouldn\'t mind it a bit.... leaves more room for funny skits. Let the Grammys have the songs I say. Benjamin | Wed Feb 08 13 18 53 EST 2012 Reply I would love to see Ben Nichols fall of the stage of the Kodak Theatre drunk! Jacob | Thu Feb 09 14 36 07 EST 2012 So much this. The Oscars need a little more drunken rowdy fun, IMO. Follow Us Like Tweet Email Subscribe Email Updates Get the latest headlines from The Playlist delivered to your inbox every day. Monthly Archives February 2012 240 January 2012 600 December 2011 502 November 2011 541 October 2011 571 September 2011 582 Most "Liked" So, James Franco Is Already Filming ... like 242 Johnny Depp To Produce Film Based On ... like 52 Ben Drew AKA Plan B Talks About His ... like 51 As Mel Gibson\'s Latest Film Goes Straight ... like 50 Watch Jeremy Renner Becomes The Perfect ... like 36 SBIFF \'12 \'Samsara\' Producer Mark Magidson ... like 25 Harrison Ford Allegedly In Talks To ... like 24 Michael Showalter Says \'Wet Hot American ... like 23 R.I.P. Ben Gazzara 1930-2012 like 19 Natalie Portman Joins Terrence Malick\'s ... like 16 Around The Network Ryan Reynolds & Denzel Washington Talk Sociopaths, Black Eyes, The \'Bourne\' Influence & Stunt Driving In \'Safe House\' The Playlist like 4 Lilyhammer Take the Gun, Leave the Sheep\'s Head. Silvio Goes to Norway Caryn James like 2 \'SHOULD WIN\' VIDEO ESSAY SERIES Best Actress Viola Davis, THE HELP Press Play like 11 \'SHOULD WIN\' VIDEO ESSAY SERIES Best Supporting Actress Janet McTeer, ALBERT NOBBS Press Play like 9 Clooney and Payne Talk at Oscar Nominee Lunch, Measuring Applause Thompson on Hollywood like 12 the network Eric Kohn Hope for Film Caryn James Leonard Maltin Peter Bogdanovich Peter Knegt Press Play ReelPolitik Shadow and Act Spout Sydney Levine The Playlist Thompson on Hollywood Women and Hollywood indiewire Sitemap About Team Advertise Indiewire Jobs Privacy Terms of Service categories News Reviews Awards Festivals Box Office Filmmaker Toolkit A SnagFilms Co. editors@indiewire.com Designed By Independent Content Developed By Perfect Sense Digital')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00220', 'lang "en" xmlns fb "http //www.facebook.com/2008/fbml"> Indiewire Browse the indiewire network About The Playlist Awards Features News Interviews Reviews 5 Songs That Should\'ve Been Nominated For ... Review \'Safe House\' Is An Intense, But All-Too ... Review Bela Tarr\'s Swan Song \'The Turin ... Ryan Reynolds & Denzel Washington Talk Sociopaths, ... Oren Moverman Attached To Direct Turn Of ... Ben Drew AKA Plan B Talks About His Feature ... What Could Be The Blockbuster Casualties ... Our Complete 2012 Sundance Coverage Why \'Chronicle\' Is A Step In The Right Direction ... Review \'Chronicle\' Is Clever, Refreshin ... Review \'The Woman In Black\' A Smart, Stylish ... Jane Goldman Adapting Eisner Award-Winning ... Diablo Cody Says The Lack Of Women In Creative ... Watch Lenny Kravitz Talks Playing Cinna ... Nicolas Winding Refn Says \'Drive\' Was About ... Breakout Sundance Performers & Directors Mary Elizabeth Winstead Talks \'Smashed\' & ... \'Simon Killer\' Crew Talks Sociopaths, Sex ... James Marsh Working On An Adaptation Of \'The ... Madonna & Andrea Riseborough Talk The Music ... Kristen Bell Talks Big Miracle, Playing ... Joe Berlinger Talks \'West of Memphis\' Fr ... Sundance Review \'The Surrogate\' Clarke Peters & Nate Parker Talk \'Red Hook ... 0 print subscribe sponsored by Lionsgate Honcho Says There Will Be Another \'Twilight\' Movie If Stephenie Meyer Writes The Book News by Kevin Jagernauth | Fri Feb 10 10 55 42 EST 2012 | 0 Comments "Breaking Dawn Part 1" Summit Keep hope alive Bella and RPatz fans and start getting that petition together for Stephenie Meyer ! Ever since Lionsgate swooped in a bought Summit , the biggest question has been what their plans are for the latter\'s biggest franchise and most valuable asset -- the " Twilight " films. Last month Lionsgate chief Jon Feltheimer said "Boy I hope so," when asked if the lucrative series would continue past the final film, \' Breaking Dawn Part 2 \' when it arrives this fall. And it might. Lionsgate motion picture group co-chair Rob Friedman was asked by THR about the possibility of a 6th film, and he said if the material is there in another book, it will happen. If she Meyer wishes to do it, we ll be there to support her," he said. Messageboards all over the world are now in meltdown. But really, there is probably no doubt that Lionsgate wants to find a way to keep the money for Summit\'s biggest cashcow flowing. To date, the series has raked in over $1 billion worldwide at the box office and that\'s not counting merchandise, books and other ephemera . And the studio is estimating hoping that the finale, \'Breaking Dawn 2\' will add $700 million to the bank an ambitious overestimate considering it would have to do 150% more business than \'Breaking Dawn Part 1\' . But either way Lionsgate has dollar signs in their eyes and we wouldn\'t be surprised if they\'ve already put feelers out to Meyer to see what her feelings are about returning to Forks, Washington. So Twihards, say a prayer under your Edward or Jacob poster tonight. The story may not be over yet. News get email updates More Twilight Saga, Lionsgate 0 Comments | Reply Follow Us Like Tweet Email Subscribe Email Updates Get the latest headlines from The Playlist delivered to your inbox every day. Monthly Archives February 2012 240 January 2012 600 December 2011 502 November 2011 541 October 2011 571 September 2011 582 Most "Liked" So, James Franco Is Already Filming ... like 242 Johnny Depp To Produce Film Based On ... like 52 Ben Drew AKA Plan B Talks About His ... like 51 As Mel Gibson\'s Latest Film Goes Straight ... like 50 Watch Jeremy Renner Becomes The Perfect ... like 36 SBIFF \'12 \'Samsara\' Producer Mark Magidson ... like 25 Harrison Ford Allegedly In Talks To ... like 24 Michael Showalter Says \'Wet Hot American ... like 23 R.I.P. Ben Gazzara 1930-2012 like 19 Natalie Portman Joins Terrence Malick\'s ... like 16 Around The Network Ryan Reynolds & Denzel Washington Talk Sociopaths, Black Eyes, The \'Bourne\' Influence & Stunt Driving In \'Safe House\' The Playlist like 4 Lilyhammer Take the Gun, Leave the Sheep\'s Head. Silvio Goes to Norway Caryn James like 2 \'SHOULD WIN\' VIDEO ESSAY SERIES Best Actress Viola Davis, THE HELP Press Play like 11 \'SHOULD WIN\' VIDEO ESSAY SERIES Best Supporting Actress Janet McTeer, ALBERT NOBBS Press Play like 9 Clooney and Payne Talk at Oscar Nominee Lunch, Measuring Applause Thompson on Hollywood like 12 the network Eric Kohn Hope for Film Caryn James Leonard Maltin Peter Bogdanovich Peter Knegt Press Play ReelPolitik Shadow and Act Spout Sydney Levine The Playlist Thompson on Hollywood Women and Hollywood indiewire Sitemap About Team Advertise Indiewire Jobs Privacy Terms of Service categories News Reviews Awards Festivals Box Office Filmmaker Toolkit A SnagFilms Co. editors@indiewire.com Designed By Independent Content Developed By Perfect Sense Digital')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00221', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns og "http //ogp.me/ns#" xmlns expr "http //www.google.com/2005/gml/expr" xmlns fb "http //www.facebook.com/2008/fbml" xmlns data "http //www.google.com/2005/gml/data" xmlns b "http //www.google.com/2005/gml/b" dir "ltr" xml lang "EN" version "XHTML+RDFa 1.1"> Finance Blog Skip Country Nav skip to main | skip to sidebar Back to Equifax.com | About Finance Blog Labels Home Credit Insurance Tax Retirement Real Estate Family Money You are here Finance Blog Home > Family Money > Create a Spending Plan for Your Family Create a Spending Plan for Your Family Written by Miranda Marquit on February 10, 2012 in Family Money | No comments Financial success doesn t just happen; you have to plan for it. A spending plan can help you allocate your money resources to the financial goals that will provide you with a secure future, as well as help you enjoy your life right now. When your Financial success doesn t just happen; you have to plan for it. A spending plan can help you allocate your money resources to the financial goals that will provide you with a secure future, as well as help you enjoy your life right now. When your family creates a spending plan, you take control of your financial destiny and play an active role in what happens to your family next. Deciding on your values, priorities, and goals The first thing to determine is what your shared values, priorities, and goals are, as a family. Your spending plan should help you to live the life you want, not to be a carbon copy of some other family s life and priorities. Talk about what you value as a family. This could be spending time together at home, going on the occasional vacation, giving to charity, performing service, supporting extracurricular activities, or buying a new big-screen TV. Realize that there are no wrong answers. Decide what defines you as a family, and set goals together. Then, decide which goals should take priority. If your family wants to become obligation-free, then a plan to pay off debt should be the number-one priority. If you want to save up for a down payment on a house, set a timeframe and put your savings toward that goal. Allocating your financial resources Once you understand your family s goals, it s time to figure out how to allocate your resources. Of course, you will first need to cover expenses like housing payments, groceries, clothing, utilities, and insurance. Then, look at how much each month can realistically go toward helping your family accomplish its goals. Prioritize your savings so you will be able to achieve your short-term and long-term goals. While you might want to start saving for retirement, your bigger priority might be paying down debt. Put more of your resources toward debt reduction for now, but don t neglect the long-term goal of retirement savings. As you get rid of debt, you can shift your money toward funding retirement. Prioritize your spending so that the most important items are paid for first. Knowing your priorities ahead of time makes it less painful to make budget cuts because you can start by cutting the items off the bottom of your list. For example, your family might be saving money for a vacation. You determine that $150 a month needs to be set aside for the next 10 months, but you might not have enough money to do everything else you want. You might need to drop off some of the less important expenses, such as going to the movies or buying a new iPad. Earning more Your spending plan doesn t just have to be about figuring out where to cut back on spending. Involve every member of the family in discussing what can be done to contribute to the accomplishment of family goals, whether it s cutting back on less-important spending or doing odd jobs to help boost the family income. Mark your progress toward your goals, and find ways to celebrate as you accomplish your objectives. And, as you achieve your current goals, remember to adjust your spending plan so that your newly freed financial resources can shift to fund the next adventure. READ MORE Steal These Dieting Tips to Trim Your Budget Give Your Budget A PERK Saving Money and Setting Financial Goals With Your Children Saving Money on Auto Insurance Miranda Marquit is a freelance writer and professional blogger specializing in personal finance, family finance and business topics. She writes for several online and offline publications. Miranda is the co-author of Community 101 How to Grow an Online Community , and the writer behind PlantingMoneySeeds.com . No comments yet Leave a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Type Here Name Close Window Commenting guidelines We welcome your interest and participation on this forum, but be aware that comments will be published at Equifax\'s sole discretion. Please don\'t use this blog to submit questions or concerns about your Equifax credit report or raise customer service issues. Instead, you should contact Equifax directly for all such matters and any attempts to do so in this forum will be promptly re-directed. Some other factors to consider when commenting Registration and privacy. While no registration is required to visit our forum, participants wishing to post a message must register by creating an account. All personal information provided by forum members incident to registration is governed by our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. All comments are anonymous. We\'ll delete your name, e-mail address, and any other identifying information, including details about your investments. We can\'t post or respond to every comment - As much as we\'d like to, we can\'t post every comment, nor can we guarantee that we will respond to each individual message. All questions or comments about your Equifax credit report or similar customer service issues should be handled by contacting Equifax directly. Don\'t offer specific legal, tax or financial advice. All of the materials on this Site are for information, education, and noncommercial purposes only and this forum is not intended as a means of expressing views or ideas regarding any specific legal, tax, or investment advice. While offering general rules of thumb is both permitted and encouraged, recommending specific ideas or strategies regarding investments, taxes, and related matters is prohibited. Credit Repair. This blog is not intended as a venue for the discussion or exchange of ideas regarding credit repair or other strategies intended to assist visitors and community members improve or otherwise modify their credit histories, ratings or scores. Stay on topic. Your comment should be concise and pertain to the specific post in question. Be respectful of the community. The use of profanity, offensive language, spam, and personal attacks will not be tolerated and egregious or repeat offenders will be banned from future participation. We encourage disagreement and healthy debate, but please refrain from personal attacks on our WordPresss and contributors. Finally Participation in this forum may be terminated by Equifax immediately and without notice for failure to comply with any guidelines or Terms of Use. As such, you should familiarize yourself with all pertinent requirements prior to submitting any response through the blog or otherwise. All opinions expressed in this forum are solely those of the individual submitting the comment, and don\'t necessarily represent the views of Equifax or its management. Equifax maintains this interactive forum for education and information purposes in order to allow individuals to share their relevant knowledge and opinions with other members and visitors. We encourage you to participate in discussions about personal finance issues and other topics of interest to this community, but please read our commenting guidelines first. Equifax reserves the right to monitor postings to the forum and comments will be published at our discretion. Do you have questions or comments about your Equifax credit report or customer-service issues regarding an Equifax product If so, please contact Equifax directly . All opinions and information expressed or shared in blog comments are solely those of the person submitting the comments, and don\'t necessarily represent the views of Equifax or its management. Stay Informed Sign up for our FREE Equifax email Newsletter First Name Last Name Email Address RSS Feeds Credit RSS Feed Family Money RSS Feed Insurance RSS Feed Real Estate RSS Feed Retirement RSS Feed Tax RSS Feed Blog Categories Credit Family Money Insurance Real Estate Retirement Tax Equifax Links Products Equifax Customer Service Product FAQs Online Dispute Member Center Great Resources Rate Finder Mortgage Match ID Theft Protection Kit Glossary of Terms Download our Mobile App Copyright 2012 Equifax Inc. Privacy Policy | Terms of Use | Become an Affiliate | Careers | Investor Center Equifax and the Equifax marks used here are register trademarks of Equifax, Inc. Other Product and Company names mentioned here are the property of their respective owners.')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00222', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns og "http //ogp.me/ns#" xmlns expr "http //www.google.com/2005/gml/expr" xmlns fb "http //www.facebook.com/2008/fbml" xmlns data "http //www.google.com/2005/gml/data" xmlns b "http //www.google.com/2005/gml/b" dir "ltr" xml lang "EN" version "XHTML+RDFa 1.1"> Finance Blog Skip Country Nav skip to main | skip to sidebar Back to Equifax.com | About Finance Blog Labels Home Credit Insurance Tax Retirement Real Estate Family Money You are here Finance Blog Home > Family Money > Introducing Miranda Marquit Covering Family Finance Introducing Miranda Marquit Covering Family Finance Written by Miranda Marquit on February 10, 2012 in Family Money | No comments My name is Miranda Marquit, and I m a personal finance advice blogger. I have a passion for finance especially as it relates to helping ordinary families build wealth and direct their resources according to their own values and priorities. When I write about family finance, I My name is Miranda Marquit, and I m a personal finance advice blogger. I have a passion for finance especially as it relates to helping ordinary families build wealth and direct their resources according to their own values and priorities. When I write about family finance, I like to focus on the ways you can use your financial resources to build the life you want for your family. For the most part, I believe that focusing on improving your ability to earn money, as well as making spending choices that reflect your own goals, can do this. While I believe that saving money is important, and that you should get the best value for your dollar, I don t often write about pinching pennies. I m more about looking for ways to create the lifestyle you want by identifying your values and priorities and then allocating your money in a way that reflects what s most important to you. Identifying your goals and looking to the future Whether your goals are to build a retirement nest egg, create passive income, dig out of a debt hole, pay for your children to attend college, save for a down payment on a new home, create a fully funded emergency account, or travel the world, only you can determine the life you want to live. There are strategies you can follow to ensure that you can afford the things that are most important to you at each of your family s milestones. This type of planning requires a long-term view, as well as the ability to honestly evaluate your current situation and identify your goals. I hope my posts will inspire you to create your own financial road map based on your family s values. My posts will include some of the actions my family is taking right now, as well as actions we hope to take in the future. Additionally, I will look at how your family relationships can affect the way you interact with money, and how you set priorities as a family especially if you sometimes want different things or have different approaches to money. Why should you read what I have to say I ve made my share of mistakes in life when it comes to finances. I dug out from credit card debt amassed at college, and I m still recovering, in some ways, from earlier financial missteps. However, 10 years after my marriage started with debt, I have a M.A. in journalism from Syracuse University, my husband has completed his Ph.D., and my family is able to meet all of our needs and most of our wants. I ve learned tough financial lessons through experience. On top of that, I ve had the opportunity to research different financial and investing strategies as part of my career as a finance writer. I write for a variety of financial websites on subjects ranging from investing to business to personal and family finance. My work has appeared in, been mentioned by, and linked from major news websites, including The New York Times, The Washington Post, USA Today, The Consumerist, The Atlantic Wire, and The Huffington Post. I am lucky to work from home doing something I love, and I m excited to work with Equifax to help you find ways your family can work toward financial freedom. READ MORE Steal These Dieting Tips to Trim Your Budget Give Your Budget A PERK Saving Money and Setting Financial Goals With Your Children Saving Money on Auto Insurance No comments yet Leave a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Type Here Name Close Window Commenting guidelines We welcome your interest and participation on this forum, but be aware that comments will be published at Equifax\'s sole discretion. Please don\'t use this blog to submit questions or concerns about your Equifax credit report or raise customer service issues. Instead, you should contact Equifax directly for all such matters and any attempts to do so in this forum will be promptly re-directed. Some other factors to consider when commenting Registration and privacy. While no registration is required to visit our forum, participants wishing to post a message must register by creating an account. All personal information provided by forum members incident to registration is governed by our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. All comments are anonymous. We\'ll delete your name, e-mail address, and any other identifying information, including details about your investments. We can\'t post or respond to every comment - As much as we\'d like to, we can\'t post every comment, nor can we guarantee that we will respond to each individual message. All questions or comments about your Equifax credit report or similar customer service issues should be handled by contacting Equifax directly. Don\'t offer specific legal, tax or financial advice. All of the materials on this Site are for information, education, and noncommercial purposes only and this forum is not intended as a means of expressing views or ideas regarding any specific legal, tax, or investment advice. While offering general rules of thumb is both permitted and encouraged, recommending specific ideas or strategies regarding investments, taxes, and related matters is prohibited. Credit Repair. This blog is not intended as a venue for the discussion or exchange of ideas regarding credit repair or other strategies intended to assist visitors and community members improve or otherwise modify their credit histories, ratings or scores. Stay on topic. Your comment should be concise and pertain to the specific post in question. Be respectful of the community. The use of profanity, offensive language, spam, and personal attacks will not be tolerated and egregious or repeat offenders will be banned from future participation. We encourage disagreement and healthy debate, but please refrain from personal attacks on our WordPresss and contributors. Finally Participation in this forum may be terminated by Equifax immediately and without notice for failure to comply with any guidelines or Terms of Use. As such, you should familiarize yourself with all pertinent requirements prior to submitting any response through the blog or otherwise. All opinions expressed in this forum are solely those of the individual submitting the comment, and don\'t necessarily represent the views of Equifax or its management. Equifax maintains this interactive forum for education and information purposes in order to allow individuals to share their relevant knowledge and opinions with other members and visitors. We encourage you to participate in discussions about personal finance issues and other topics of interest to this community, but please read our commenting guidelines first. Equifax reserves the right to monitor postings to the forum and comments will be published at our discretion. Do you have questions or comments about your Equifax credit report or customer-service issues regarding an Equifax product If so, please contact Equifax directly . All opinions and information expressed or shared in blog comments are solely those of the person submitting the comments, and don\'t necessarily represent the views of Equifax or its management. Stay Informed Sign up for our FREE Equifax email Newsletter First Name Last Name Email Address RSS Feeds Credit RSS Feed Family Money RSS Feed Insurance RSS Feed Real Estate RSS Feed Retirement RSS Feed Tax RSS Feed Blog Categories Credit Family Money Insurance Real Estate Retirement Tax Equifax Links Products Equifax Customer Service Product FAQs Online Dispute Member Center Great Resources Rate Finder Mortgage Match ID Theft Protection Kit Glossary of Terms Download our Mobile App Copyright 2012 Equifax Inc. Privacy Policy | Terms of Use | Become an Affiliate | Careers | Investor Center Equifax and the Equifax marks used here are register trademarks of Equifax, Inc. Other Product and Company names mentioned here are the property of their respective owners.')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00223', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns og "http //ogp.me/ns#" xmlns expr "http //www.google.com/2005/gml/expr" xmlns fb "http //www.facebook.com/2008/fbml" xmlns data "http //www.google.com/2005/gml/data" xmlns b "http //www.google.com/2005/gml/b" dir "ltr" xml lang "EN" version "XHTML+RDFa 1.1"> Finance Blog Skip Country Nav skip to main | skip to sidebar Back to Equifax.com | About Finance Blog Labels Home Credit Insurance Tax Retirement Real Estate Family Money You are here Finance Blog Home > Insurance > Insurance Policy Tip Safe Driving for the Winter Insurance Policy Tip Safe Driving for the Winter Written by Linda Rey on February 9, 2012 in Insurance | No comments In the winter, freezing temperatures and roads coated with salt can wreak havoc on your car, nevermind icy windshields, dead batteries, and cars that won t start. Safe driving in all weather conditions can help you avoid car accidents and claims on your auto insurance policy, In the winter, freezing temperatures and roads coated with salt can wreak havoc on your car, nevermind icy windshields, dead batteries, and cars that won t start. Safe driving in all weather conditions can help you avoid car accidents and claims on your auto insurance policy , and some simple car maintenance and an emergency kit can help keep you safe on the roads and keep your car running through the rest of the season. Winter car maintenance checklist Winter is not the time to be thinking about saving money on your car maintenance. If you keep your car maintained throughout the year, you might be able to avoid more big-ticket car maintenance. Change your wipers and refill your windshield washer fluid. During winter, you may want to consider using a washer fluid with an antifreeze solution that won t ruin your paint job. Check air pressure in your tires. The pressure in your tires will change with fluctuations in temperature, so be sure to monitor the pressure throughout the winter. In addition, depending on the weather where you live, you may want to switch to snow tires. Get your oil changed if you re due. Ask your mechanic or look in your manual to find out if you need to be using a different kind of oil in the winter. Check and top off your fluids. Have your battery serviced and tested. Inspect cables for breaks. Check terminals for loose connections. Check ignition, brakes, wiring, hoses, fan belts, and spark plugs. Check air, fuel, and emission filters. Inspect the distributor. Create a winter emergency kit There s a reason your car has a trunk, and it s not to store 20 canvas shopping bags or is that just my trunk . Consider stocking your trunk with the following items to help you handle an emergency situation Tool kit First aid kit High-energy foods like nuts and dried fruit Bottled water Jumper cables Bag of salt or cat litter Tire chains Flashlight with extra batteries Reflective triangles Blanket s Ice scraper and snow brush Whether or not you re enjoying winter weather, don t wait to find out if your car is enjoying it too. Protect your vehicle, protect yourself, and protect your passengers. READ MORE Tips for Documenting Homeowner s Insurance Claims Adjusting Your Homeowners Insurance Avoid Homeowners Insurance Claims While You re Away from Home Will Your Policy Protect You from an Uninsured Driver How to Handle a Hit-and-Run Car Accident Health Insurance Discounts for Healthy Lifestyle Habits Linda Rey is a licensed insurance agent at Rey Insurance with a broad spectrum of expertise in life, accident, health, property and casualty insurance as well as retirement planning and college funding strategies. Follow Linda on Twitter. No comments yet Leave a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Type Here Name Close Window Commenting guidelines We welcome your interest and participation on this forum, but be aware that comments will be published at Equifax\'s sole discretion. Please don\'t use this blog to submit questions or concerns about your Equifax credit report or raise customer service issues. Instead, you should contact Equifax directly for all such matters and any attempts to do so in this forum will be promptly re-directed. Some other factors to consider when commenting Registration and privacy. While no registration is required to visit our forum, participants wishing to post a message must register by creating an account. All personal information provided by forum members incident to registration is governed by our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. All comments are anonymous. We\'ll delete your name, e-mail address, and any other identifying information, including details about your investments. We can\'t post or respond to every comment - As much as we\'d like to, we can\'t post every comment, nor can we guarantee that we will respond to each individual message. All questions or comments about your Equifax credit report or similar customer service issues should be handled by contacting Equifax directly. Don\'t offer specific legal, tax or financial advice. All of the materials on this Site are for information, education, and noncommercial purposes only and this forum is not intended as a means of expressing views or ideas regarding any specific legal, tax, or investment advice. While offering general rules of thumb is both permitted and encouraged, recommending specific ideas or strategies regarding investments, taxes, and related matters is prohibited. Credit Repair. This blog is not intended as a venue for the discussion or exchange of ideas regarding credit repair or other strategies intended to assist visitors and community members improve or otherwise modify their credit histories, ratings or scores. Stay on topic. Your comment should be concise and pertain to the specific post in question. Be respectful of the community. The use of profanity, offensive language, spam, and personal attacks will not be tolerated and egregious or repeat offenders will be banned from future participation. We encourage disagreement and healthy debate, but please refrain from personal attacks on our WordPresss and contributors. Finally Participation in this forum may be terminated by Equifax immediately and without notice for failure to comply with any guidelines or Terms of Use. As such, you should familiarize yourself with all pertinent requirements prior to submitting any response through the blog or otherwise. All opinions expressed in this forum are solely those of the individual submitting the comment, and don\'t necessarily represent the views of Equifax or its management. Equifax maintains this interactive forum for education and information purposes in order to allow individuals to share their relevant knowledge and opinions with other members and visitors. We encourage you to participate in discussions about personal finance issues and other topics of interest to this community, but please read our commenting guidelines first. Equifax reserves the right to monitor postings to the forum and comments will be published at our discretion. Do you have questions or comments about your Equifax credit report or customer-service issues regarding an Equifax product If so, please contact Equifax directly . All opinions and information expressed or shared in blog comments are solely those of the person submitting the comments, and don\'t necessarily represent the views of Equifax or its management. Stay Informed Sign up for our FREE Equifax email Newsletter First Name Last Name Email Address RSS Feeds Credit RSS Feed Family Money RSS Feed Insurance RSS Feed Real Estate RSS Feed Retirement RSS Feed Tax RSS Feed Blog Categories Credit Family Money Insurance Real Estate Retirement Tax Equifax Links Products Equifax Customer Service Product FAQs Online Dispute Member Center Great Resources Rate Finder Mortgage Match ID Theft Protection Kit Glossary of Terms Download our Mobile App Copyright 2012 Equifax Inc. Privacy Policy | Terms of Use | Become an Affiliate | Careers | Investor Center Equifax and the Equifax marks used here are register trademarks of Equifax, Inc. Other Product and Company names mentioned here are the property of their respective owners.')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00224', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns og "http //ogp.me/ns#" xmlns expr "http //www.google.com/2005/gml/expr" xmlns fb "http //www.facebook.com/2008/fbml" xmlns data "http //www.google.com/2005/gml/data" xmlns b "http //www.google.com/2005/gml/b" dir "ltr" xml lang "EN" version "XHTML+RDFa 1.1"> Finance Blog Skip Country Nav skip to main | skip to sidebar Back to Equifax.com | About Finance Blog Labels Home Credit Insurance Tax Retirement Real Estate Family Money You are here Finance Blog Home > Insurance > Saving Money on Auto Insurance Saving Money on Auto Insurance Written by Ilyce Glink on February 9, 2012 in Insurance | No comments Looking for a hot new car You better start thinking about saving money on your next auto insurance policy. The annual Auto Show is coming to Chicago this weekend, as it begins to make the rounds nationally, and car manufacturers will be offering deals to Looking for a hot new car You better start thinking about saving money on your next auto insurance policy . The annual Auto Show is coming to Chicago this weekend, as it begins to make the rounds nationally, and car manufacturers will be offering deals to tempt you into buying the newest model. According to the National Automotive Dealers Association NADA , new cars are now selling at the highest prices in years, as demand improves. Higher prices mean you might have to think carefully about what options and features will fit into your budget. If you re looking at luxury models, be prepared for insurance sticker price shock. Some luxury cars will hike your auto insurance premium. However, other luxury cars are much cheaper to insure. If you re looking to buy a new car, saving money on your auto insurance premium should be a factor in your decision. For families, the Toyota Sienna LE minivan is a steal as the least expensive 2012 model vehicle for auto insurance , according to Insure.com. Minivans have always had a strong showing in our least expensive rankings, said Amy Danise of Insure.com. They regularly prove to be safe, economical vehicles. Toyota takes the top two spots for least expensive cars to insure with the Sienna LE and the Sienna 4 cyl. Jeep takes the next two spots with the Patriot Sport and the Jeep Compass Sport. If you re looking for a pickup truck, your wallet is safe. The GMC Sierra K1500 Regular Cab takes the fifth spot for least expensive vehicle to insure. If you re looking for something a bit sportier, it s going to cost you. The 2012 Audi Spyder Quattro, a two-set V10 convertible is the most expensive car to insure this year. Audi, Mercedes and Porsche take the top five slots for most expensive cars to insure. The flash factor isn t the only criteria when insurance companies are looking at your car. Underwriters take into consideration the frequency of crashes for that model, the cost of repairs, the cost to insurers when a vehicle is declared a total loss and the cost of bodily injury claims. The make and model can push an auto insurance quote higher or lower, but there are things you can do save money on your auto insurance premiums. Install Safety Features. If safety features aren t included in the basic model, shell out the extra cash to have safety features installed. You ll be more secure on the road, and some insurance companies give discounts for safety-related items, like air bags, anti-lock brakes and anti-theft devices. Raise Your Deductible. Consider raising the deductible on new cars on your auto insurance policy. If you re willing to pay more out of pocket to repair a new car, you ll save more money. When your cars are a few years old, you can reduce the coverage. These cars have a lower market value, and any money you get from a claim probably won t be more than the cost of the insurance and deductible. Bundle Insurance Policies. Insurance companies want all of your business. Ask your insurance agent what kind of discount is available if you bundle your homeowners and auto insurance plans. Are you renting You can usually save money on your auto insurance if you bundle your policy with a renter s policy. As you re shopping for a new car, keep your auto insurance premiums in mind. A smart decision on the car lot can save you hundreds of dollars over the lifetime of your car. Ilyce R. Glink is the author of several books, including 100 Questions Every First-Time Home Buyer Should Ask and Buy, Close, Move In! . She blogs about money and real estate at ThinkGlink.com and at the Home Equity blog for CBS MoneyWatch . No comments yet Leave a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Type Here Name Close Window Commenting guidelines We welcome your interest and participation on this forum, but be aware that comments will be published at Equifax\'s sole discretion. Please don\'t use this blog to submit questions or concerns about your Equifax credit report or raise customer service issues. Instead, you should contact Equifax directly for all such matters and any attempts to do so in this forum will be promptly re-directed. Some other factors to consider when commenting Registration and privacy. While no registration is required to visit our forum, participants wishing to post a message must register by creating an account. All personal information provided by forum members incident to registration is governed by our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. All comments are anonymous. We\'ll delete your name, e-mail address, and any other identifying information, including details about your investments. We can\'t post or respond to every comment - As much as we\'d like to, we can\'t post every comment, nor can we guarantee that we will respond to each individual message. All questions or comments about your Equifax credit report or similar customer service issues should be handled by contacting Equifax directly. Don\'t offer specific legal, tax or financial advice. All of the materials on this Site are for information, education, and noncommercial purposes only and this forum is not intended as a means of expressing views or ideas regarding any specific legal, tax, or investment advice. While offering general rules of thumb is both permitted and encouraged, recommending specific ideas or strategies regarding investments, taxes, and related matters is prohibited. Credit Repair. This blog is not intended as a venue for the discussion or exchange of ideas regarding credit repair or other strategies intended to assist visitors and community members improve or otherwise modify their credit histories, ratings or scores. Stay on topic. Your comment should be concise and pertain to the specific post in question. Be respectful of the community. The use of profanity, offensive language, spam, and personal attacks will not be tolerated and egregious or repeat offenders will be banned from future participation. We encourage disagreement and healthy debate, but please refrain from personal attacks on our WordPresss and contributors. Finally Participation in this forum may be terminated by Equifax immediately and without notice for failure to comply with any guidelines or Terms of Use. As such, you should familiarize yourself with all pertinent requirements prior to submitting any response through the blog or otherwise. All opinions expressed in this forum are solely those of the individual submitting the comment, and don\'t necessarily represent the views of Equifax or its management. Equifax maintains this interactive forum for education and information purposes in order to allow individuals to share their relevant knowledge and opinions with other members and visitors. We encourage you to participate in discussions about personal finance issues and other topics of interest to this community, but please read our commenting guidelines first. Equifax reserves the right to monitor postings to the forum and comments will be published at our discretion. Do you have questions or comments about your Equifax credit report or customer-service issues regarding an Equifax product If so, please contact Equifax directly . All opinions and information expressed or shared in blog comments are solely those of the person submitting the comments, and don\'t necessarily represent the views of Equifax or its management. Stay Informed Sign up for our FREE Equifax email Newsletter First Name Last Name Email Address RSS Feeds Credit RSS Feed Family Money RSS Feed Insurance RSS Feed Real Estate RSS Feed Retirement RSS Feed Tax RSS Feed Blog Categories Credit Family Money Insurance Real Estate Retirement Tax Equifax Links Products Equifax Customer Service Product FAQs Online Dispute Member Center Great Resources Rate Finder Mortgage Match ID Theft Protection Kit Glossary of Terms Download our Mobile App Copyright 2012 Equifax Inc. Privacy Policy | Terms of Use | Become an Affiliate | Careers | Investor Center Equifax and the Equifax marks used here are register trademarks of Equifax, Inc. Other Product and Company names mentioned here are the property of their respective owners.')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00225', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> To Order, Call Sales 888 236-9501 Community Order Status View Cart Your Shopping Cart View/Edit Cart Solutions for My Clients Practice Resources ProLine News Central Specials What\'s New in QuickBooks 2012 Intuit ProLine News Central Login and Register Login Register Search ProLine News Central Blog Search for Follow Us Topic List From The Experts Intuit News Ways To Grow Your Business Ways To Be More Productive New Product Information & Special Offers Industry News Newsletter Upcoming Events Get Updates The Way You Want Get news faster in the way you want it, sign up for any or all of the following Email Alerts, Newsletter, & RSS Upcoming Events February 2012 Mon Tue Wed Thu Fri Sat Sun 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 Contributors Follow us on Twitter RT @ProlineHelp New information about Indiana in 2011 #Lacerte - http //t.co/QEQKi8sD February 10, 2012 09 13 03 PM from web Reply Retweet Favorite Americans who earned $49,078 or less may be eligible for Earned Income Tax Credit. http //t.co/3wVrN29P #taxinfo February 10, 2012 09 10 11 PM from web Reply Retweet Favorite ProSeries customers not an authorized e-File Provider You must be if you file 10+ returns. Info at http //t.co/VL40ES0b #INTUefile February 10, 2012 07 55 03 PM from HootSuite Reply Retweet Favorite Lacerte customers not an authorized e-File Provider If filing 10+ returns U need 2B. Learn the steps. http //t.co/fCrAHiBw #INTUefile February 10, 2012 07 25 07 PM from HootSuite Reply Retweet Favorite RT @ProlineHelp Please Update your #Lacerte Software. Current version is 32.0209 and fixes a diagnostic error preventing some customers ... February 09, 2012 11 19 25 PM from HootSuite Reply Retweet Favorite @intuitproline Privacy Legal Contact Us About Intuit Intuit Labs Careers Site Feedback 2012 Intuit Inc. All rights reserved. Intuit, the Intuit logo, QuickBooks, ProSeries and Lacerte, among others, are registered trademarks and/or registered service marks of Intuit Inc. or one of its subsidiaries. Other parties\' marks are the property of their respective owners. Terms, conditions, features, pricing, support and service are subject to change at anytime without notice. The views expressed on this blog are those of the bloggers, and not necessarily those of Intuit. Third-party blogger may have received compensation for their time and services. Click here to read full disclosure on third-party bloggers. This blog does not provide legal, financial, accounting or tax advice. The content on this blog is "as is" and carries no warranties. Intuit does not warrant or guarantee the accuracy, reliability, and completeness of the content on this blog. After 20 days, comments are closed on posts. Comments are subject to moderation. Comments that include profanity or abusive language will not be posted. Click here to read full Terms of Service . Professional Accounting Software QuickBooks Products for Accountants QuickBooks ProAdvisor Program QuickBooks Premier Accountant Edition Financial Statement Software QuickBooks Solutions for Your Clients Payroll Solutions After-the-Fact Payroll Service Payroll Direct Deposit Online Payroll Solution Payroll Outsourcing File Payroll Taxes ProSeries Tax Solutions Professional Tax Software Professional Tax Resources Tax Document Management E-File Resources More Tax Practice Management Tools Lacerte Tax Solutions Professional Tax Preparation Software Professional Tax Software Resources Tax Document Management Tax Analysis Software More Tax Practice Management Tools More Products & Solutions Intuit ProConnection Newsletter for Accounting & Tax Professionals Intuit Product Discounts Accept Credit Cards, Checks & More Intuit Product Resources for Educators Tax Professionals Wiki More Tax & Accounting Productivity Products More Tax & Accounting Services Additional Resources Community Support Training Resources QuickBooks Certification Tax & Accounting Software Training QuickBooks Accounting Software Training Lacerte Tax Software Training ProSeries Professional Tax Software Training Featured Products & Solutions Document Organizer Professional Online Tax Software Professional Tax Research Accounting Employment')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00226', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> To Order, Call Sales 888 236-9501 Community Order Status View Cart Your Shopping Cart View/Edit Cart Solutions for My Clients Practice Resources ProLine News Central Specials What\'s New in QuickBooks 2012 Intuit ProLine News Central Login and Register Login Register Search ProLine News Central Blog Search for Follow Us Topic List From The Experts Intuit News Ways To Grow Your Business Ways To Be More Productive New Product Information & Special Offers Industry News Newsletter Upcoming Events Get Updates The Way You Want Get news faster in the way you want it, sign up for any or all of the following Email Alerts, Newsletter, & RSS Upcoming Events February 2012 Mon Tue Wed Thu Fri Sat Sun 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 Contributors Follow us on Twitter RT @ProlineHelp New information about Indiana in 2011 #Lacerte - http //t.co/QEQKi8sD February 10, 2012 09 13 03 PM from web Reply Retweet Favorite Americans who earned $49,078 or less may be eligible for Earned Income Tax Credit. http //t.co/3wVrN29P #taxinfo February 10, 2012 09 10 11 PM from web Reply Retweet Favorite ProSeries customers not an authorized e-File Provider You must be if you file 10+ returns. Info at http //t.co/VL40ES0b #INTUefile February 10, 2012 07 55 03 PM from HootSuite Reply Retweet Favorite Lacerte customers not an authorized e-File Provider If filing 10+ returns U need 2B. Learn the steps. http //t.co/fCrAHiBw #INTUefile February 10, 2012 07 25 07 PM from HootSuite Reply Retweet Favorite RT @ProlineHelp Please Update your #Lacerte Software. Current version is 32.0209 and fixes a diagnostic error preventing some customers ... February 09, 2012 11 19 25 PM from HootSuite Reply Retweet Favorite @intuitproline Privacy Legal Contact Us About Intuit Intuit Labs Careers Site Feedback 2012 Intuit Inc. All rights reserved. Intuit, the Intuit logo, QuickBooks, ProSeries and Lacerte, among others, are registered trademarks and/or registered service marks of Intuit Inc. or one of its subsidiaries. Other parties\' marks are the property of their respective owners. Terms, conditions, features, pricing, support and service are subject to change at anytime without notice. The views expressed on this blog are those of the bloggers, and not necessarily those of Intuit. Third-party blogger may have received compensation for their time and services. Click here to read full disclosure on third-party bloggers. This blog does not provide legal, financial, accounting or tax advice. The content on this blog is "as is" and carries no warranties. Intuit does not warrant or guarantee the accuracy, reliability, and completeness of the content on this blog. After 20 days, comments are closed on posts. Comments are subject to moderation. Comments that include profanity or abusive language will not be posted. Click here to read full Terms of Service . Professional Accounting Software QuickBooks Products for Accountants QuickBooks ProAdvisor Program QuickBooks Premier Accountant Edition Financial Statement Software QuickBooks Solutions for Your Clients Payroll Solutions After-the-Fact Payroll Service Payroll Direct Deposit Online Payroll Solution Payroll Outsourcing File Payroll Taxes ProSeries Tax Solutions Professional Tax Software Professional Tax Resources Tax Document Management E-File Resources More Tax Practice Management Tools Lacerte Tax Solutions Professional Tax Preparation Software Professional Tax Software Resources Tax Document Management Tax Analysis Software More Tax Practice Management Tools More Products & Solutions Intuit ProConnection Newsletter for Accounting & Tax Professionals Intuit Product Discounts Accept Credit Cards, Checks & More Intuit Product Resources for Educators Tax Professionals Wiki More Tax & Accounting Productivity Products More Tax & Accounting Services Additional Resources Community Support Training Resources QuickBooks Certification Tax & Accounting Software Training QuickBooks Accounting Software Training Lacerte Tax Software Training ProSeries Professional Tax Software Training Featured Products & Solutions Document Organizer Professional Online Tax Software Professional Tax Research Accounting Employment')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00227', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> To Order, Call Sales 888 236-9501 Community Order Status View Cart Your Shopping Cart View/Edit Cart Solutions for My Clients Practice Resources ProLine News Central Specials What\'s New in QuickBooks 2012 Intuit ProLine News Central Older Posts Login and Register Login Register Search ProLine News Central Blog Search for Follow Us Topic List From The Experts Intuit News Ways To Grow Your Business Ways To Be More Productive New Product Information & Special Offers Industry News Newsletter Upcoming Events Get Updates The Way You Want Get news faster in the way you want it, sign up for any or all of the following Email Alerts, Newsletter, & RSS Upcoming Events February 2012 Mon Tue Wed Thu Fri Sat Sun 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 Contributors Follow us on Twitter RT @ProlineHelp New information about Indiana in 2011 #Lacerte - http //t.co/QEQKi8sD February 10, 2012 09 13 03 PM from web Reply Retweet Favorite Americans who earned $49,078 or less may be eligible for Earned Income Tax Credit. http //t.co/3wVrN29P #taxinfo February 10, 2012 09 10 11 PM from web Reply Retweet Favorite ProSeries customers not an authorized e-File Provider You must be if you file 10+ returns. Info at http //t.co/VL40ES0b #INTUefile February 10, 2012 07 55 03 PM from HootSuite Reply Retweet Favorite Lacerte customers not an authorized e-File Provider If filing 10+ returns U need 2B. Learn the steps. http //t.co/fCrAHiBw #INTUefile February 10, 2012 07 25 07 PM from HootSuite Reply Retweet Favorite RT @ProlineHelp Please Update your #Lacerte Software. Current version is 32.0209 and fixes a diagnostic error preventing some customers ... February 09, 2012 11 19 25 PM from HootSuite Reply Retweet Favorite @intuitproline Privacy Legal Contact Us About Intuit Intuit Labs Careers Site Feedback 2012 Intuit Inc. All rights reserved. Intuit, the Intuit logo, QuickBooks, ProSeries and Lacerte, among others, are registered trademarks and/or registered service marks of Intuit Inc. or one of its subsidiaries. Other parties\' marks are the property of their respective owners. Terms, conditions, features, pricing, support and service are subject to change at anytime without notice. The views expressed on this blog are those of the bloggers, and not necessarily those of Intuit. Third-party blogger may have received compensation for their time and services. Click here to read full disclosure on third-party bloggers. This blog does not provide legal, financial, accounting or tax advice. The content on this blog is "as is" and carries no warranties. Intuit does not warrant or guarantee the accuracy, reliability, and completeness of the content on this blog. After 20 days, comments are closed on posts. Comments are subject to moderation. Comments that include profanity or abusive language will not be posted. Click here to read full Terms of Service . Professional Accounting Software QuickBooks Products for Accountants QuickBooks ProAdvisor Program QuickBooks Premier Accountant Edition Financial Statement Software QuickBooks Solutions for Your Clients Payroll Solutions After-the-Fact Payroll Service Payroll Direct Deposit Online Payroll Solution Payroll Outsourcing File Payroll Taxes ProSeries Tax Solutions Professional Tax Software Professional Tax Resources Tax Document Management E-File Resources More Tax Practice Management Tools Lacerte Tax Solutions Professional Tax Preparation Software Professional Tax Software Resources Tax Document Management Tax Analysis Software More Tax Practice Management Tools More Products & Solutions Intuit ProConnection Newsletter for Accounting & Tax Professionals Intuit Product Discounts Accept Credit Cards, Checks & More Intuit Product Resources for Educators Tax Professionals Wiki More Tax & Accounting Productivity Products More Tax & Accounting Services Additional Resources Community Support Training Resources QuickBooks Certification Tax & Accounting Software Training QuickBooks Accounting Software Training Lacerte Tax Software Training ProSeries Professional Tax Software Training Featured Products & Solutions Document Organizer Professional Online Tax Software Professional Tax Research Accounting Employment')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00228', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> To Order, Call Sales 888 236-9501 Community Order Status View Cart Your Shopping Cart View/Edit Cart Solutions for My Clients Practice Resources ProLine News Central Specials What\'s New in QuickBooks 2012 Intuit ProLine News Central Older Posts Login and Register Login Register Search ProLine News Central Blog Search for Follow Us Topic List From The Experts Intuit News Ways To Grow Your Business Ways To Be More Productive New Product Information & Special Offers Industry News Newsletter Upcoming Events Get Updates The Way You Want Get news faster in the way you want it, sign up for any or all of the following Email Alerts, Newsletter, & RSS Upcoming Events February 2012 Mon Tue Wed Thu Fri Sat Sun 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 Contributors Follow us on Twitter RT @ProlineHelp New information about Indiana in 2011 #Lacerte - http //t.co/QEQKi8sD February 10, 2012 09 13 03 PM from web Reply Retweet Favorite Americans who earned $49,078 or less may be eligible for Earned Income Tax Credit. http //t.co/3wVrN29P #taxinfo February 10, 2012 09 10 11 PM from web Reply Retweet Favorite ProSeries customers not an authorized e-File Provider You must be if you file 10+ returns. Info at http //t.co/VL40ES0b #INTUefile February 10, 2012 07 55 03 PM from HootSuite Reply Retweet Favorite Lacerte customers not an authorized e-File Provider If filing 10+ returns U need 2B. Learn the steps. http //t.co/fCrAHiBw #INTUefile February 10, 2012 07 25 07 PM from HootSuite Reply Retweet Favorite RT @ProlineHelp Please Update your #Lacerte Software. Current version is 32.0209 and fixes a diagnostic error preventing some customers ... February 09, 2012 11 19 25 PM from HootSuite Reply Retweet Favorite @intuitproline Privacy Legal Contact Us About Intuit Intuit Labs Careers Site Feedback 2012 Intuit Inc. All rights reserved. Intuit, the Intuit logo, QuickBooks, ProSeries and Lacerte, among others, are registered trademarks and/or registered service marks of Intuit Inc. or one of its subsidiaries. Other parties\' marks are the property of their respective owners. Terms, conditions, features, pricing, support and service are subject to change at anytime without notice. The views expressed on this blog are those of the bloggers, and not necessarily those of Intuit. Third-party blogger may have received compensation for their time and services. Click here to read full disclosure on third-party bloggers. This blog does not provide legal, financial, accounting or tax advice. The content on this blog is "as is" and carries no warranties. Intuit does not warrant or guarantee the accuracy, reliability, and completeness of the content on this blog. After 20 days, comments are closed on posts. Comments are subject to moderation. Comments that include profanity or abusive language will not be posted. Click here to read full Terms of Service . Professional Accounting Software QuickBooks Products for Accountants QuickBooks ProAdvisor Program QuickBooks Premier Accountant Edition Financial Statement Software QuickBooks Solutions for Your Clients Payroll Solutions After-the-Fact Payroll Service Payroll Direct Deposit Online Payroll Solution Payroll Outsourcing File Payroll Taxes ProSeries Tax Solutions Professional Tax Software Professional Tax Resources Tax Document Management E-File Resources More Tax Practice Management Tools Lacerte Tax Solutions Professional Tax Preparation Software Professional Tax Software Resources Tax Document Management Tax Analysis Software More Tax Practice Management Tools More Products & Solutions Intuit ProConnection Newsletter for Accounting & Tax Professionals Intuit Product Discounts Accept Credit Cards, Checks & More Intuit Product Resources for Educators Tax Professionals Wiki More Tax & Accounting Productivity Products More Tax & Accounting Services Additional Resources Community Support Training Resources QuickBooks Certification Tax & Accounting Software Training QuickBooks Accounting Software Training Lacerte Tax Software Training ProSeries Professional Tax Software Training Featured Products & Solutions Document Organizer Professional Online Tax Software Professional Tax Research Accounting Employment')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00229', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> To Order, Call Sales 888 236-9501 Community Order Status View Cart Your Shopping Cart View/Edit Cart Solutions for My Clients Practice Resources ProLine News Central Specials What\'s New in QuickBooks 2012 Intuit ProLine News Central Older Posts Login and Register Login Register Search ProLine News Central Blog Search for Follow Us Topic List From The Experts Intuit News Ways To Grow Your Business Ways To Be More Productive New Product Information & Special Offers Industry News Newsletter Upcoming Events Get Updates The Way You Want Get news faster in the way you want it, sign up for any or all of the following Email Alerts, Newsletter, & RSS Upcoming Events February 2012 Mon Tue Wed Thu Fri Sat Sun 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 Contributors Follow us on Twitter RT @ProlineHelp New information about Indiana in 2011 #Lacerte - http //t.co/QEQKi8sD February 10, 2012 09 13 03 PM from web Reply Retweet Favorite Americans who earned $49,078 or less may be eligible for Earned Income Tax Credit. http //t.co/3wVrN29P #taxinfo February 10, 2012 09 10 11 PM from web Reply Retweet Favorite ProSeries customers not an authorized e-File Provider You must be if you file 10+ returns. Info at http //t.co/VL40ES0b #INTUefile February 10, 2012 07 55 03 PM from HootSuite Reply Retweet Favorite Lacerte customers not an authorized e-File Provider If filing 10+ returns U need 2B. Learn the steps. http //t.co/fCrAHiBw #INTUefile February 10, 2012 07 25 07 PM from HootSuite Reply Retweet Favorite RT @ProlineHelp Please Update your #Lacerte Software. Current version is 32.0209 and fixes a diagnostic error preventing some customers ... February 09, 2012 11 19 25 PM from HootSuite Reply Retweet Favorite @intuitproline Privacy Legal Contact Us About Intuit Intuit Labs Careers Site Feedback 2012 Intuit Inc. All rights reserved. Intuit, the Intuit logo, QuickBooks, ProSeries and Lacerte, among others, are registered trademarks and/or registered service marks of Intuit Inc. or one of its subsidiaries. Other parties\' marks are the property of their respective owners. Terms, conditions, features, pricing, support and service are subject to change at anytime without notice. The views expressed on this blog are those of the bloggers, and not necessarily those of Intuit. Third-party blogger may have received compensation for their time and services. Click here to read full disclosure on third-party bloggers. This blog does not provide legal, financial, accounting or tax advice. The content on this blog is "as is" and carries no warranties. Intuit does not warrant or guarantee the accuracy, reliability, and completeness of the content on this blog. After 20 days, comments are closed on posts. Comments are subject to moderation. Comments that include profanity or abusive language will not be posted. Click here to read full Terms of Service . Professional Accounting Software QuickBooks Products for Accountants QuickBooks ProAdvisor Program QuickBooks Premier Accountant Edition Financial Statement Software QuickBooks Solutions for Your Clients Payroll Solutions After-the-Fact Payroll Service Payroll Direct Deposit Online Payroll Solution Payroll Outsourcing File Payroll Taxes ProSeries Tax Solutions Professional Tax Software Professional Tax Resources Tax Document Management E-File Resources More Tax Practice Management Tools Lacerte Tax Solutions Professional Tax Preparation Software Professional Tax Software Resources Tax Document Management Tax Analysis Software More Tax Practice Management Tools More Products & Solutions Intuit ProConnection Newsletter for Accounting & Tax Professionals Intuit Product Discounts Accept Credit Cards, Checks & More Intuit Product Resources for Educators Tax Professionals Wiki More Tax & Accounting Productivity Products More Tax & Accounting Services Additional Resources Community Support Training Resources QuickBooks Certification Tax & Accounting Software Training QuickBooks Accounting Software Training Lacerte Tax Software Training ProSeries Professional Tax Software Training Featured Products & Solutions Document Organizer Professional Online Tax Software Professional Tax Research Accounting Employment')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00230', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> To Order, Call Sales 888 236-9501 Community Order Status View Cart Your Shopping Cart View/Edit Cart Solutions for My Clients Practice Resources ProLine News Central Specials What\'s New in QuickBooks 2012 Intuit ProLine News Central Older Posts Login and Register Login Register Search ProLine News Central Blog Search for Follow Us Topic List From The Experts Intuit News Ways To Grow Your Business Ways To Be More Productive New Product Information & Special Offers Industry News Newsletter Upcoming Events Get Updates The Way You Want Get news faster in the way you want it, sign up for any or all of the following Email Alerts, Newsletter, & RSS Upcoming Events February 2012 Mon Tue Wed Thu Fri Sat Sun 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 Contributors Follow us on Twitter RT @ProlineHelp New information about Indiana in 2011 #Lacerte - http //t.co/QEQKi8sD February 10, 2012 09 13 03 PM from web Reply Retweet Favorite Americans who earned $49,078 or less may be eligible for Earned Income Tax Credit. http //t.co/3wVrN29P #taxinfo February 10, 2012 09 10 11 PM from web Reply Retweet Favorite ProSeries customers not an authorized e-File Provider You must be if you file 10+ returns. Info at http //t.co/VL40ES0b #INTUefile February 10, 2012 07 55 03 PM from HootSuite Reply Retweet Favorite Lacerte customers not an authorized e-File Provider If filing 10+ returns U need 2B. Learn the steps. http //t.co/fCrAHiBw #INTUefile February 10, 2012 07 25 07 PM from HootSuite Reply Retweet Favorite RT @ProlineHelp Please Update your #Lacerte Software. Current version is 32.0209 and fixes a diagnostic error preventing some customers ... February 09, 2012 11 19 25 PM from HootSuite Reply Retweet Favorite @intuitproline Privacy Legal Contact Us About Intuit Intuit Labs Careers Site Feedback 2012 Intuit Inc. All rights reserved. Intuit, the Intuit logo, QuickBooks, ProSeries and Lacerte, among others, are registered trademarks and/or registered service marks of Intuit Inc. or one of its subsidiaries. Other parties\' marks are the property of their respective owners. Terms, conditions, features, pricing, support and service are subject to change at anytime without notice. The views expressed on this blog are those of the bloggers, and not necessarily those of Intuit. Third-party blogger may have received compensation for their time and services. Click here to read full disclosure on third-party bloggers. This blog does not provide legal, financial, accounting or tax advice. The content on this blog is "as is" and carries no warranties. Intuit does not warrant or guarantee the accuracy, reliability, and completeness of the content on this blog. After 20 days, comments are closed on posts. Comments are subject to moderation. Comments that include profanity or abusive language will not be posted. Click here to read full Terms of Service . Professional Accounting Software QuickBooks Products for Accountants QuickBooks ProAdvisor Program QuickBooks Premier Accountant Edition Financial Statement Software QuickBooks Solutions for Your Clients Payroll Solutions After-the-Fact Payroll Service Payroll Direct Deposit Online Payroll Solution Payroll Outsourcing File Payroll Taxes ProSeries Tax Solutions Professional Tax Software Professional Tax Resources Tax Document Management E-File Resources More Tax Practice Management Tools Lacerte Tax Solutions Professional Tax Preparation Software Professional Tax Software Resources Tax Document Management Tax Analysis Software More Tax Practice Management Tools More Products & Solutions Intuit ProConnection Newsletter for Accounting & Tax Professionals Intuit Product Discounts Accept Credit Cards, Checks & More Intuit Product Resources for Educators Tax Professionals Wiki More Tax & Accounting Productivity Products More Tax & Accounting Services Additional Resources Community Support Training Resources QuickBooks Certification Tax & Accounting Software Training QuickBooks Accounting Software Training Lacerte Tax Software Training ProSeries Professional Tax Software Training Featured Products & Solutions Document Organizer Professional Online Tax Software Professional Tax Research Accounting Employment')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00231', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> To Order, Call Sales 888 236-9501 Community Order Status View Cart Your Shopping Cart View/Edit Cart Solutions for My Clients Practice Resources ProLine News Central Specials What\'s New in QuickBooks 2012 Intuit ProLine News Central Older Posts Login and Register Login Register Search ProLine News Central Blog Search for Follow Us Topic List From The Experts Intuit News Ways To Grow Your Business Ways To Be More Productive New Product Information & Special Offers Industry News Newsletter Upcoming Events Get Updates The Way You Want Get news faster in the way you want it, sign up for any or all of the following Email Alerts, Newsletter, & RSS Upcoming Events February 2012 Mon Tue Wed Thu Fri Sat Sun 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 Contributors Follow us on Twitter RT @ProlineHelp New information about Indiana in 2011 #Lacerte - http //t.co/QEQKi8sD February 10, 2012 09 13 03 PM from web Reply Retweet Favorite Americans who earned $49,078 or less may be eligible for Earned Income Tax Credit. http //t.co/3wVrN29P #taxinfo February 10, 2012 09 10 11 PM from web Reply Retweet Favorite ProSeries customers not an authorized e-File Provider You must be if you file 10+ returns. Info at http //t.co/VL40ES0b #INTUefile February 10, 2012 07 55 03 PM from HootSuite Reply Retweet Favorite Lacerte customers not an authorized e-File Provider If filing 10+ returns U need 2B. Learn the steps. http //t.co/fCrAHiBw #INTUefile February 10, 2012 07 25 07 PM from HootSuite Reply Retweet Favorite RT @ProlineHelp Please Update your #Lacerte Software. Current version is 32.0209 and fixes a diagnostic error preventing some customers ... February 09, 2012 11 19 25 PM from HootSuite Reply Retweet Favorite @intuitproline Privacy Legal Contact Us About Intuit Intuit Labs Careers Site Feedback 2012 Intuit Inc. All rights reserved. Intuit, the Intuit logo, QuickBooks, ProSeries and Lacerte, among others, are registered trademarks and/or registered service marks of Intuit Inc. or one of its subsidiaries. Other parties\' marks are the property of their respective owners. Terms, conditions, features, pricing, support and service are subject to change at anytime without notice. The views expressed on this blog are those of the bloggers, and not necessarily those of Intuit. Third-party blogger may have received compensation for their time and services. Click here to read full disclosure on third-party bloggers. This blog does not provide legal, financial, accounting or tax advice. The content on this blog is "as is" and carries no warranties. Intuit does not warrant or guarantee the accuracy, reliability, and completeness of the content on this blog. After 20 days, comments are closed on posts. Comments are subject to moderation. Comments that include profanity or abusive language will not be posted. Click here to read full Terms of Service . Professional Accounting Software QuickBooks Products for Accountants QuickBooks ProAdvisor Program QuickBooks Premier Accountant Edition Financial Statement Software QuickBooks Solutions for Your Clients Payroll Solutions After-the-Fact Payroll Service Payroll Direct Deposit Online Payroll Solution Payroll Outsourcing File Payroll Taxes ProSeries Tax Solutions Professional Tax Software Professional Tax Resources Tax Document Management E-File Resources More Tax Practice Management Tools Lacerte Tax Solutions Professional Tax Preparation Software Professional Tax Software Resources Tax Document Management Tax Analysis Software More Tax Practice Management Tools More Products & Solutions Intuit ProConnection Newsletter for Accounting & Tax Professionals Intuit Product Discounts Accept Credit Cards, Checks & More Intuit Product Resources for Educators Tax Professionals Wiki More Tax & Accounting Productivity Products More Tax & Accounting Services Additional Resources Community Support Training Resources QuickBooks Certification Tax & Accounting Software Training QuickBooks Accounting Software Training Lacerte Tax Software Training ProSeries Professional Tax Software Training Featured Products & Solutions Document Organizer Professional Online Tax Software Professional Tax Research Accounting Employment')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00232', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> To Order, Call Sales 888 236-9501 Community Order Status View Cart Your Shopping Cart View/Edit Cart Solutions for My Clients Practice Resources ProLine News Central Specials What\'s New in QuickBooks 2012 Intuit ProLine News Central Older Posts Login and Register Login Register Search ProLine News Central Blog Search for Follow Us Topic List From The Experts Intuit News Ways To Grow Your Business Ways To Be More Productive New Product Information & Special Offers Industry News Newsletter Upcoming Events Get Updates The Way You Want Get news faster in the way you want it, sign up for any or all of the following Email Alerts, Newsletter, & RSS Upcoming Events February 2012 Mon Tue Wed Thu Fri Sat Sun 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 Contributors Follow us on Twitter RT @ProlineHelp New information about Indiana in 2011 #Lacerte - http //t.co/QEQKi8sD February 10, 2012 09 13 03 PM from web Reply Retweet Favorite Americans who earned $49,078 or less may be eligible for Earned Income Tax Credit. http //t.co/3wVrN29P #taxinfo February 10, 2012 09 10 11 PM from web Reply Retweet Favorite ProSeries customers not an authorized e-File Provider You must be if you file 10+ returns. Info at http //t.co/VL40ES0b #INTUefile February 10, 2012 07 55 03 PM from HootSuite Reply Retweet Favorite Lacerte customers not an authorized e-File Provider If filing 10+ returns U need 2B. Learn the steps. http //t.co/fCrAHiBw #INTUefile February 10, 2012 07 25 07 PM from HootSuite Reply Retweet Favorite RT @ProlineHelp Please Update your #Lacerte Software. Current version is 32.0209 and fixes a diagnostic error preventing some customers ... February 09, 2012 11 19 25 PM from HootSuite Reply Retweet Favorite @intuitproline Privacy Legal Contact Us About Intuit Intuit Labs Careers Site Feedback 2012 Intuit Inc. All rights reserved. Intuit, the Intuit logo, QuickBooks, ProSeries and Lacerte, among others, are registered trademarks and/or registered service marks of Intuit Inc. or one of its subsidiaries. Other parties\' marks are the property of their respective owners. Terms, conditions, features, pricing, support and service are subject to change at anytime without notice. The views expressed on this blog are those of the bloggers, and not necessarily those of Intuit. Third-party blogger may have received compensation for their time and services. Click here to read full disclosure on third-party bloggers. This blog does not provide legal, financial, accounting or tax advice. The content on this blog is "as is" and carries no warranties. Intuit does not warrant or guarantee the accuracy, reliability, and completeness of the content on this blog. After 20 days, comments are closed on posts. Comments are subject to moderation. Comments that include profanity or abusive language will not be posted. Click here to read full Terms of Service . Professional Accounting Software QuickBooks Products for Accountants QuickBooks ProAdvisor Program QuickBooks Premier Accountant Edition Financial Statement Software QuickBooks Solutions for Your Clients Payroll Solutions After-the-Fact Payroll Service Payroll Direct Deposit Online Payroll Solution Payroll Outsourcing File Payroll Taxes ProSeries Tax Solutions Professional Tax Software Professional Tax Resources Tax Document Management E-File Resources More Tax Practice Management Tools Lacerte Tax Solutions Professional Tax Preparation Software Professional Tax Software Resources Tax Document Management Tax Analysis Software More Tax Practice Management Tools More Products & Solutions Intuit ProConnection Newsletter for Accounting & Tax Professionals Intuit Product Discounts Accept Credit Cards, Checks & More Intuit Product Resources for Educators Tax Professionals Wiki More Tax & Accounting Productivity Products More Tax & Accounting Services Additional Resources Community Support Training Resources QuickBooks Certification Tax & Accounting Software Training QuickBooks Accounting Software Training Lacerte Tax Software Training ProSeries Professional Tax Software Training Featured Products & Solutions Document Organizer Professional Online Tax Software Professional Tax Research Accounting Employment')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00233', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> To Order, Call Sales 888 236-9501 Community Order Status View Cart Your Shopping Cart View/Edit Cart Solutions for My Clients Practice Resources ProLine News Central Specials What\'s New in QuickBooks 2012 Intuit ProLine News Central Older Posts Login and Register Login Register Search ProLine News Central Blog Search for Follow Us Topic List From The Experts Intuit News Ways To Grow Your Business Ways To Be More Productive New Product Information & Special Offers Industry News Newsletter Upcoming Events Get Updates The Way You Want Get news faster in the way you want it, sign up for any or all of the following Email Alerts, Newsletter, & RSS Upcoming Events February 2012 Mon Tue Wed Thu Fri Sat Sun 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 Contributors Follow us on Twitter RT @ProlineHelp New information about Indiana in 2011 #Lacerte - http //t.co/QEQKi8sD February 10, 2012 09 13 03 PM from web Reply Retweet Favorite Americans who earned $49,078 or less may be eligible for Earned Income Tax Credit. http //t.co/3wVrN29P #taxinfo February 10, 2012 09 10 11 PM from web Reply Retweet Favorite ProSeries customers not an authorized e-File Provider You must be if you file 10+ returns. Info at http //t.co/VL40ES0b #INTUefile February 10, 2012 07 55 03 PM from HootSuite Reply Retweet Favorite Lacerte customers not an authorized e-File Provider If filing 10+ returns U need 2B. Learn the steps. http //t.co/fCrAHiBw #INTUefile February 10, 2012 07 25 07 PM from HootSuite Reply Retweet Favorite RT @ProlineHelp Please Update your #Lacerte Software. Current version is 32.0209 and fixes a diagnostic error preventing some customers ... February 09, 2012 11 19 25 PM from HootSuite Reply Retweet Favorite @intuitproline Privacy Legal Contact Us About Intuit Intuit Labs Careers Site Feedback 2012 Intuit Inc. All rights reserved. Intuit, the Intuit logo, QuickBooks, ProSeries and Lacerte, among others, are registered trademarks and/or registered service marks of Intuit Inc. or one of its subsidiaries. Other parties\' marks are the property of their respective owners. Terms, conditions, features, pricing, support and service are subject to change at anytime without notice. The views expressed on this blog are those of the bloggers, and not necessarily those of Intuit. Third-party blogger may have received compensation for their time and services. Click here to read full disclosure on third-party bloggers. This blog does not provide legal, financial, accounting or tax advice. The content on this blog is "as is" and carries no warranties. Intuit does not warrant or guarantee the accuracy, reliability, and completeness of the content on this blog. After 20 days, comments are closed on posts. Comments are subject to moderation. Comments that include profanity or abusive language will not be posted. Click here to read full Terms of Service . Professional Accounting Software QuickBooks Products for Accountants QuickBooks ProAdvisor Program QuickBooks Premier Accountant Edition Financial Statement Software QuickBooks Solutions for Your Clients Payroll Solutions After-the-Fact Payroll Service Payroll Direct Deposit Online Payroll Solution Payroll Outsourcing File Payroll Taxes ProSeries Tax Solutions Professional Tax Software Professional Tax Resources Tax Document Management E-File Resources More Tax Practice Management Tools Lacerte Tax Solutions Professional Tax Preparation Software Professional Tax Software Resources Tax Document Management Tax Analysis Software More Tax Practice Management Tools More Products & Solutions Intuit ProConnection Newsletter for Accounting & Tax Professionals Intuit Product Discounts Accept Credit Cards, Checks & More Intuit Product Resources for Educators Tax Professionals Wiki More Tax & Accounting Productivity Products More Tax & Accounting Services Additional Resources Community Support Training Resources QuickBooks Certification Tax & Accounting Software Training QuickBooks Accounting Software Training Lacerte Tax Software Training ProSeries Professional Tax Software Training Featured Products & Solutions Document Organizer Professional Online Tax Software Professional Tax Research Accounting Employment')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00234', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> To Order, Call Sales 888 236-9501 Community Order Status View Cart Your Shopping Cart View/Edit Cart Solutions for My Clients Practice Resources ProLine News Central Specials What\'s New in QuickBooks 2012 Intuit ProLine News Central Older Posts Login and Register Login Register Search ProLine News Central Blog Search for Follow Us Topic List From The Experts Intuit News Ways To Grow Your Business Ways To Be More Productive New Product Information & Special Offers Industry News Newsletter Upcoming Events Get Updates The Way You Want Get news faster in the way you want it, sign up for any or all of the following Email Alerts, Newsletter, & RSS Upcoming Events February 2012 Mon Tue Wed Thu Fri Sat Sun 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 Contributors Follow us on Twitter RT @ProlineHelp New information about Indiana in 2011 #Lacerte - http //t.co/QEQKi8sD February 10, 2012 09 13 03 PM from web Reply Retweet Favorite Americans who earned $49,078 or less may be eligible for Earned Income Tax Credit. http //t.co/3wVrN29P #taxinfo February 10, 2012 09 10 11 PM from web Reply Retweet Favorite ProSeries customers not an authorized e-File Provider You must be if you file 10+ returns. Info at http //t.co/VL40ES0b #INTUefile February 10, 2012 07 55 03 PM from HootSuite Reply Retweet Favorite Lacerte customers not an authorized e-File Provider If filing 10+ returns U need 2B. Learn the steps. http //t.co/fCrAHiBw #INTUefile February 10, 2012 07 25 07 PM from HootSuite Reply Retweet Favorite RT @ProlineHelp Please Update your #Lacerte Software. Current version is 32.0209 and fixes a diagnostic error preventing some customers ... February 09, 2012 11 19 25 PM from HootSuite Reply Retweet Favorite @intuitproline Privacy Legal Contact Us About Intuit Intuit Labs Careers Site Feedback 2012 Intuit Inc. All rights reserved. Intuit, the Intuit logo, QuickBooks, ProSeries and Lacerte, among others, are registered trademarks and/or registered service marks of Intuit Inc. or one of its subsidiaries. Other parties\' marks are the property of their respective owners. Terms, conditions, features, pricing, support and service are subject to change at anytime without notice. The views expressed on this blog are those of the bloggers, and not necessarily those of Intuit. Third-party blogger may have received compensation for their time and services. Click here to read full disclosure on third-party bloggers. This blog does not provide legal, financial, accounting or tax advice. The content on this blog is "as is" and carries no warranties. Intuit does not warrant or guarantee the accuracy, reliability, and completeness of the content on this blog. After 20 days, comments are closed on posts. Comments are subject to moderation. Comments that include profanity or abusive language will not be posted. Click here to read full Terms of Service . Professional Accounting Software QuickBooks Products for Accountants QuickBooks ProAdvisor Program QuickBooks Premier Accountant Edition Financial Statement Software QuickBooks Solutions for Your Clients Payroll Solutions After-the-Fact Payroll Service Payroll Direct Deposit Online Payroll Solution Payroll Outsourcing File Payroll Taxes ProSeries Tax Solutions Professional Tax Software Professional Tax Resources Tax Document Management E-File Resources More Tax Practice Management Tools Lacerte Tax Solutions Professional Tax Preparation Software Professional Tax Software Resources Tax Document Management Tax Analysis Software More Tax Practice Management Tools More Products & Solutions Intuit ProConnection Newsletter for Accounting & Tax Professionals Intuit Product Discounts Accept Credit Cards, Checks & More Intuit Product Resources for Educators Tax Professionals Wiki More Tax & Accounting Productivity Products More Tax & Accounting Services Additional Resources Community Support Training Resources QuickBooks Certification Tax & Accounting Software Training QuickBooks Accounting Software Training Lacerte Tax Software Training ProSeries Professional Tax Software Training Featured Products & Solutions Document Organizer Professional Online Tax Software Professional Tax Research Accounting Employment')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00235', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> To Order, Call Sales 888 236-9501 Community Order Status View Cart Your Shopping Cart View/Edit Cart Solutions for My Clients Practice Resources ProLine News Central Specials What\'s New in QuickBooks 2012 Intuit ProLine News Central Older Posts Login and Register Login Register Search ProLine News Central Blog Search for Follow Us Topic List From The Experts Intuit News Ways To Grow Your Business Ways To Be More Productive New Product Information & Special Offers Industry News Newsletter Upcoming Events Get Updates The Way You Want Get news faster in the way you want it, sign up for any or all of the following Email Alerts, Newsletter, & RSS Upcoming Events February 2012 Mon Tue Wed Thu Fri Sat Sun 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 Contributors Follow us on Twitter RT @ProlineHelp New information about Indiana in 2011 #Lacerte - http //t.co/QEQKi8sD February 10, 2012 09 13 03 PM from web Reply Retweet Favorite Americans who earned $49,078 or less may be eligible for Earned Income Tax Credit. http //t.co/3wVrN29P #taxinfo February 10, 2012 09 10 11 PM from web Reply Retweet Favorite ProSeries customers not an authorized e-File Provider You must be if you file 10+ returns. Info at http //t.co/VL40ES0b #INTUefile February 10, 2012 07 55 03 PM from HootSuite Reply Retweet Favorite Lacerte customers not an authorized e-File Provider If filing 10+ returns U need 2B. Learn the steps. http //t.co/fCrAHiBw #INTUefile February 10, 2012 07 25 07 PM from HootSuite Reply Retweet Favorite RT @ProlineHelp Please Update your #Lacerte Software. Current version is 32.0209 and fixes a diagnostic error preventing some customers ... February 09, 2012 11 19 25 PM from HootSuite Reply Retweet Favorite @intuitproline Privacy Legal Contact Us About Intuit Intuit Labs Careers Site Feedback 2012 Intuit Inc. All rights reserved. Intuit, the Intuit logo, QuickBooks, ProSeries and Lacerte, among others, are registered trademarks and/or registered service marks of Intuit Inc. or one of its subsidiaries. Other parties\' marks are the property of their respective owners. Terms, conditions, features, pricing, support and service are subject to change at anytime without notice. The views expressed on this blog are those of the bloggers, and not necessarily those of Intuit. Third-party blogger may have received compensation for their time and services. Click here to read full disclosure on third-party bloggers. This blog does not provide legal, financial, accounting or tax advice. The content on this blog is "as is" and carries no warranties. Intuit does not warrant or guarantee the accuracy, reliability, and completeness of the content on this blog. After 20 days, comments are closed on posts. Comments are subject to moderation. Comments that include profanity or abusive language will not be posted. Click here to read full Terms of Service . Professional Accounting Software QuickBooks Products for Accountants QuickBooks ProAdvisor Program QuickBooks Premier Accountant Edition Financial Statement Software QuickBooks Solutions for Your Clients Payroll Solutions After-the-Fact Payroll Service Payroll Direct Deposit Online Payroll Solution Payroll Outsourcing File Payroll Taxes ProSeries Tax Solutions Professional Tax Software Professional Tax Resources Tax Document Management E-File Resources More Tax Practice Management Tools Lacerte Tax Solutions Professional Tax Preparation Software Professional Tax Software Resources Tax Document Management Tax Analysis Software More Tax Practice Management Tools More Products & Solutions Intuit ProConnection Newsletter for Accounting & Tax Professionals Intuit Product Discounts Accept Credit Cards, Checks & More Intuit Product Resources for Educators Tax Professionals Wiki More Tax & Accounting Productivity Products More Tax & Accounting Services Additional Resources Community Support Training Resources QuickBooks Certification Tax & Accounting Software Training QuickBooks Accounting Software Training Lacerte Tax Software Training ProSeries Professional Tax Software Training Featured Products & Solutions Document Organizer Professional Online Tax Software Professional Tax Research Accounting Employment')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00236', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> To Order, Call Sales 888 236-9501 Community Order Status View Cart Your Shopping Cart View/Edit Cart Solutions for My Clients Practice Resources ProLine News Central Specials What\'s New in QuickBooks 2012 Intuit ProLine News Central Older Posts Login and Register Login Register Search ProLine News Central Blog Search for Follow Us Topic List From The Experts Intuit News Ways To Grow Your Business Ways To Be More Productive New Product Information & Special Offers Industry News Newsletter Upcoming Events Get Updates The Way You Want Get news faster in the way you want it, sign up for any or all of the following Email Alerts, Newsletter, & RSS Upcoming Events February 2012 Mon Tue Wed Thu Fri Sat Sun 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 Contributors Follow us on Twitter RT @ProlineHelp New information about Indiana in 2011 #Lacerte - http //t.co/QEQKi8sD February 10, 2012 09 13 03 PM from web Reply Retweet Favorite Americans who earned $49,078 or less may be eligible for Earned Income Tax Credit. http //t.co/3wVrN29P #taxinfo February 10, 2012 09 10 11 PM from web Reply Retweet Favorite ProSeries customers not an authorized e-File Provider You must be if you file 10+ returns. Info at http //t.co/VL40ES0b #INTUefile February 10, 2012 07 55 03 PM from HootSuite Reply Retweet Favorite Lacerte customers not an authorized e-File Provider If filing 10+ returns U need 2B. Learn the steps. http //t.co/fCrAHiBw #INTUefile February 10, 2012 07 25 07 PM from HootSuite Reply Retweet Favorite RT @ProlineHelp Please Update your #Lacerte Software. Current version is 32.0209 and fixes a diagnostic error preventing some customers ... February 09, 2012 11 19 25 PM from HootSuite Reply Retweet Favorite @intuitproline Privacy Legal Contact Us About Intuit Intuit Labs Careers Site Feedback 2012 Intuit Inc. All rights reserved. Intuit, the Intuit logo, QuickBooks, ProSeries and Lacerte, among others, are registered trademarks and/or registered service marks of Intuit Inc. or one of its subsidiaries. Other parties\' marks are the property of their respective owners. Terms, conditions, features, pricing, support and service are subject to change at anytime without notice. The views expressed on this blog are those of the bloggers, and not necessarily those of Intuit. Third-party blogger may have received compensation for their time and services. Click here to read full disclosure on third-party bloggers. This blog does not provide legal, financial, accounting or tax advice. The content on this blog is "as is" and carries no warranties. Intuit does not warrant or guarantee the accuracy, reliability, and completeness of the content on this blog. After 20 days, comments are closed on posts. Comments are subject to moderation. Comments that include profanity or abusive language will not be posted. Click here to read full Terms of Service . Professional Accounting Software QuickBooks Products for Accountants QuickBooks ProAdvisor Program QuickBooks Premier Accountant Edition Financial Statement Software QuickBooks Solutions for Your Clients Payroll Solutions After-the-Fact Payroll Service Payroll Direct Deposit Online Payroll Solution Payroll Outsourcing File Payroll Taxes ProSeries Tax Solutions Professional Tax Software Professional Tax Resources Tax Document Management E-File Resources More Tax Practice Management Tools Lacerte Tax Solutions Professional Tax Preparation Software Professional Tax Software Resources Tax Document Management Tax Analysis Software More Tax Practice Management Tools More Products & Solutions Intuit ProConnection Newsletter for Accounting & Tax Professionals Intuit Product Discounts Accept Credit Cards, Checks & More Intuit Product Resources for Educators Tax Professionals Wiki More Tax & Accounting Productivity Products More Tax & Accounting Services Additional Resources Community Support Training Resources QuickBooks Certification Tax & Accounting Software Training QuickBooks Accounting Software Training Lacerte Tax Software Training ProSeries Professional Tax Software Training Featured Products & Solutions Document Organizer Professional Online Tax Software Professional Tax Research Accounting Employment')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00237', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> To Order, Call Sales 888 236-9501 Community Order Status View Cart Your Shopping Cart View/Edit Cart Solutions for My Clients Practice Resources ProLine News Central Specials What\'s New in QuickBooks 2012 Intuit ProLine News Central Older Posts Login and Register Login Register Search ProLine News Central Blog Search for Follow Us Topic List From The Experts Intuit News Ways To Grow Your Business Ways To Be More Productive New Product Information & Special Offers Industry News Newsletter Upcoming Events Get Updates The Way You Want Get news faster in the way you want it, sign up for any or all of the following Email Alerts, Newsletter, & RSS Upcoming Events February 2012 Mon Tue Wed Thu Fri Sat Sun 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 Contributors Follow us on Twitter RT @ProlineHelp New information about Indiana in 2011 #Lacerte - http //t.co/QEQKi8sD February 10, 2012 09 13 03 PM from web Reply Retweet Favorite Americans who earned $49,078 or less may be eligible for Earned Income Tax Credit. http //t.co/3wVrN29P #taxinfo February 10, 2012 09 10 11 PM from web Reply Retweet Favorite ProSeries customers not an authorized e-File Provider You must be if you file 10+ returns. Info at http //t.co/VL40ES0b #INTUefile February 10, 2012 07 55 03 PM from HootSuite Reply Retweet Favorite Lacerte customers not an authorized e-File Provider If filing 10+ returns U need 2B. Learn the steps. http //t.co/fCrAHiBw #INTUefile February 10, 2012 07 25 07 PM from HootSuite Reply Retweet Favorite RT @ProlineHelp Please Update your #Lacerte Software. Current version is 32.0209 and fixes a diagnostic error preventing some customers ... February 09, 2012 11 19 25 PM from HootSuite Reply Retweet Favorite @intuitproline Privacy Legal Contact Us About Intuit Intuit Labs Careers Site Feedback 2012 Intuit Inc. All rights reserved. Intuit, the Intuit logo, QuickBooks, ProSeries and Lacerte, among others, are registered trademarks and/or registered service marks of Intuit Inc. or one of its subsidiaries. Other parties\' marks are the property of their respective owners. Terms, conditions, features, pricing, support and service are subject to change at anytime without notice. The views expressed on this blog are those of the bloggers, and not necessarily those of Intuit. Third-party blogger may have received compensation for their time and services. Click here to read full disclosure on third-party bloggers. This blog does not provide legal, financial, accounting or tax advice. The content on this blog is "as is" and carries no warranties. Intuit does not warrant or guarantee the accuracy, reliability, and completeness of the content on this blog. After 20 days, comments are closed on posts. Comments are subject to moderation. Comments that include profanity or abusive language will not be posted. Click here to read full Terms of Service . Professional Accounting Software QuickBooks Products for Accountants QuickBooks ProAdvisor Program QuickBooks Premier Accountant Edition Financial Statement Software QuickBooks Solutions for Your Clients Payroll Solutions After-the-Fact Payroll Service Payroll Direct Deposit Online Payroll Solution Payroll Outsourcing File Payroll Taxes ProSeries Tax Solutions Professional Tax Software Professional Tax Resources Tax Document Management E-File Resources More Tax Practice Management Tools Lacerte Tax Solutions Professional Tax Preparation Software Professional Tax Software Resources Tax Document Management Tax Analysis Software More Tax Practice Management Tools More Products & Solutions Intuit ProConnection Newsletter for Accounting & Tax Professionals Intuit Product Discounts Accept Credit Cards, Checks & More Intuit Product Resources for Educators Tax Professionals Wiki More Tax & Accounting Productivity Products More Tax & Accounting Services Additional Resources Community Support Training Resources QuickBooks Certification Tax & Accounting Software Training QuickBooks Accounting Software Training Lacerte Tax Software Training ProSeries Professional Tax Software Training Featured Products & Solutions Document Organizer Professional Online Tax Software Professional Tax Research Accounting Employment')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00238', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> To Order, Call Sales 888 236-9501 Community Order Status View Cart Your Shopping Cart View/Edit Cart Solutions for My Clients Practice Resources ProLine News Central Specials What\'s New in QuickBooks 2012 Intuit ProLine News Central Older Posts Login and Register Login Register Search ProLine News Central Blog Search for Follow Us Topic List From The Experts Intuit News Ways To Grow Your Business Ways To Be More Productive New Product Information & Special Offers Industry News Newsletter Upcoming Events Get Updates The Way You Want Get news faster in the way you want it, sign up for any or all of the following Email Alerts, Newsletter, & RSS Upcoming Events February 2012 Mon Tue Wed Thu Fri Sat Sun 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 Contributors Follow us on Twitter RT @ProlineHelp New information about Indiana in 2011 #Lacerte - http //t.co/QEQKi8sD February 10, 2012 09 13 03 PM from web Reply Retweet Favorite Americans who earned $49,078 or less may be eligible for Earned Income Tax Credit. http //t.co/3wVrN29P #taxinfo February 10, 2012 09 10 11 PM from web Reply Retweet Favorite ProSeries customers not an authorized e-File Provider You must be if you file 10+ returns. Info at http //t.co/VL40ES0b #INTUefile February 10, 2012 07 55 03 PM from HootSuite Reply Retweet Favorite Lacerte customers not an authorized e-File Provider If filing 10+ returns U need 2B. Learn the steps. http //t.co/fCrAHiBw #INTUefile February 10, 2012 07 25 07 PM from HootSuite Reply Retweet Favorite RT @ProlineHelp Please Update your #Lacerte Software. Current version is 32.0209 and fixes a diagnostic error preventing some customers ... February 09, 2012 11 19 25 PM from HootSuite Reply Retweet Favorite @intuitproline Privacy Legal Contact Us About Intuit Intuit Labs Careers Site Feedback 2012 Intuit Inc. All rights reserved. Intuit, the Intuit logo, QuickBooks, ProSeries and Lacerte, among others, are registered trademarks and/or registered service marks of Intuit Inc. or one of its subsidiaries. Other parties\' marks are the property of their respective owners. Terms, conditions, features, pricing, support and service are subject to change at anytime without notice. The views expressed on this blog are those of the bloggers, and not necessarily those of Intuit. Third-party blogger may have received compensation for their time and services. Click here to read full disclosure on third-party bloggers. This blog does not provide legal, financial, accounting or tax advice. The content on this blog is "as is" and carries no warranties. Intuit does not warrant or guarantee the accuracy, reliability, and completeness of the content on this blog. After 20 days, comments are closed on posts. Comments are subject to moderation. Comments that include profanity or abusive language will not be posted. Click here to read full Terms of Service . Professional Accounting Software QuickBooks Products for Accountants QuickBooks ProAdvisor Program QuickBooks Premier Accountant Edition Financial Statement Software QuickBooks Solutions for Your Clients Payroll Solutions After-the-Fact Payroll Service Payroll Direct Deposit Online Payroll Solution Payroll Outsourcing File Payroll Taxes ProSeries Tax Solutions Professional Tax Software Professional Tax Resources Tax Document Management E-File Resources More Tax Practice Management Tools Lacerte Tax Solutions Professional Tax Preparation Software Professional Tax Software Resources Tax Document Management Tax Analysis Software More Tax Practice Management Tools More Products & Solutions Intuit ProConnection Newsletter for Accounting & Tax Professionals Intuit Product Discounts Accept Credit Cards, Checks & More Intuit Product Resources for Educators Tax Professionals Wiki More Tax & Accounting Productivity Products More Tax & Accounting Services Additional Resources Community Support Training Resources QuickBooks Certification Tax & Accounting Software Training QuickBooks Accounting Software Training Lacerte Tax Software Training ProSeries Professional Tax Software Training Featured Products & Solutions Document Organizer Professional Online Tax Software Professional Tax Research Accounting Employment')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00239', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> To Order, Call Sales 888 236-9501 Community Order Status View Cart Your Shopping Cart View/Edit Cart Solutions for My Clients Practice Resources ProLine News Central Specials What\'s New in QuickBooks 2012 Intuit ProLine News Central Older Posts Login and Register Login Register Search ProLine News Central Blog Search for Follow Us Topic List From The Experts Intuit News Ways To Grow Your Business Ways To Be More Productive New Product Information & Special Offers Industry News Newsletter Upcoming Events Get Updates The Way You Want Get news faster in the way you want it, sign up for any or all of the following Email Alerts, Newsletter, & RSS Upcoming Events February 2012 Mon Tue Wed Thu Fri Sat Sun 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 Contributors Follow us on Twitter RT @ProlineHelp New information about Indiana in 2011 #Lacerte - http //t.co/QEQKi8sD February 10, 2012 09 13 03 PM from web Reply Retweet Favorite Americans who earned $49,078 or less may be eligible for Earned Income Tax Credit. http //t.co/3wVrN29P #taxinfo February 10, 2012 09 10 11 PM from web Reply Retweet Favorite ProSeries customers not an authorized e-File Provider You must be if you file 10+ returns. Info at http //t.co/VL40ES0b #INTUefile February 10, 2012 07 55 03 PM from HootSuite Reply Retweet Favorite Lacerte customers not an authorized e-File Provider If filing 10+ returns U need 2B. Learn the steps. http //t.co/fCrAHiBw #INTUefile February 10, 2012 07 25 07 PM from HootSuite Reply Retweet Favorite RT @ProlineHelp Please Update your #Lacerte Software. Current version is 32.0209 and fixes a diagnostic error preventing some customers ... February 09, 2012 11 19 25 PM from HootSuite Reply Retweet Favorite @intuitproline Privacy Legal Contact Us About Intuit Intuit Labs Careers Site Feedback 2012 Intuit Inc. All rights reserved. Intuit, the Intuit logo, QuickBooks, ProSeries and Lacerte, among others, are registered trademarks and/or registered service marks of Intuit Inc. or one of its subsidiaries. Other parties\' marks are the property of their respective owners. Terms, conditions, features, pricing, support and service are subject to change at anytime without notice. The views expressed on this blog are those of the bloggers, and not necessarily those of Intuit. Third-party blogger may have received compensation for their time and services. Click here to read full disclosure on third-party bloggers. This blog does not provide legal, financial, accounting or tax advice. The content on this blog is "as is" and carries no warranties. Intuit does not warrant or guarantee the accuracy, reliability, and completeness of the content on this blog. After 20 days, comments are closed on posts. Comments are subject to moderation. Comments that include profanity or abusive language will not be posted. Click here to read full Terms of Service . Professional Accounting Software QuickBooks Products for Accountants QuickBooks ProAdvisor Program QuickBooks Premier Accountant Edition Financial Statement Software QuickBooks Solutions for Your Clients Payroll Solutions After-the-Fact Payroll Service Payroll Direct Deposit Online Payroll Solution Payroll Outsourcing File Payroll Taxes ProSeries Tax Solutions Professional Tax Software Professional Tax Resources Tax Document Management E-File Resources More Tax Practice Management Tools Lacerte Tax Solutions Professional Tax Preparation Software Professional Tax Software Resources Tax Document Management Tax Analysis Software More Tax Practice Management Tools More Products & Solutions Intuit ProConnection Newsletter for Accounting & Tax Professionals Intuit Product Discounts Accept Credit Cards, Checks & More Intuit Product Resources for Educators Tax Professionals Wiki More Tax & Accounting Productivity Products More Tax & Accounting Services Additional Resources Community Support Training Resources QuickBooks Certification Tax & Accounting Software Training QuickBooks Accounting Software Training Lacerte Tax Software Training ProSeries Professional Tax Software Training Featured Products & Solutions Document Organizer Professional Online Tax Software Professional Tax Research Accounting Employment')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00240', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> To Order, Call Sales 888 236-9501 Community Order Status View Cart Your Shopping Cart View/Edit Cart Solutions for My Clients Practice Resources ProLine News Central Specials What\'s New in QuickBooks 2012 Intuit ProLine News Central Older Posts Login and Register Login Register Search ProLine News Central Blog Search for Follow Us Topic List From The Experts Intuit News Ways To Grow Your Business Ways To Be More Productive New Product Information & Special Offers Industry News Newsletter Upcoming Events Get Updates The Way You Want Get news faster in the way you want it, sign up for any or all of the following Email Alerts, Newsletter, & RSS Upcoming Events February 2012 Mon Tue Wed Thu Fri Sat Sun 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 Contributors Follow us on Twitter RT @ProlineHelp New information about Indiana in 2011 #Lacerte - http //t.co/QEQKi8sD February 10, 2012 09 13 03 PM from web Reply Retweet Favorite Americans who earned $49,078 or less may be eligible for Earned Income Tax Credit. http //t.co/3wVrN29P #taxinfo February 10, 2012 09 10 11 PM from web Reply Retweet Favorite ProSeries customers not an authorized e-File Provider You must be if you file 10+ returns. Info at http //t.co/VL40ES0b #INTUefile February 10, 2012 07 55 03 PM from HootSuite Reply Retweet Favorite Lacerte customers not an authorized e-File Provider If filing 10+ returns U need 2B. Learn the steps. http //t.co/fCrAHiBw #INTUefile February 10, 2012 07 25 07 PM from HootSuite Reply Retweet Favorite RT @ProlineHelp Please Update your #Lacerte Software. Current version is 32.0209 and fixes a diagnostic error preventing some customers ... February 09, 2012 11 19 25 PM from HootSuite Reply Retweet Favorite @intuitproline Privacy Legal Contact Us About Intuit Intuit Labs Careers Site Feedback 2012 Intuit Inc. All rights reserved. Intuit, the Intuit logo, QuickBooks, ProSeries and Lacerte, among others, are registered trademarks and/or registered service marks of Intuit Inc. or one of its subsidiaries. Other parties\' marks are the property of their respective owners. Terms, conditions, features, pricing, support and service are subject to change at anytime without notice. The views expressed on this blog are those of the bloggers, and not necessarily those of Intuit. Third-party blogger may have received compensation for their time and services. Click here to read full disclosure on third-party bloggers. This blog does not provide legal, financial, accounting or tax advice. The content on this blog is "as is" and carries no warranties. Intuit does not warrant or guarantee the accuracy, reliability, and completeness of the content on this blog. After 20 days, comments are closed on posts. Comments are subject to moderation. Comments that include profanity or abusive language will not be posted. Click here to read full Terms of Service . Professional Accounting Software QuickBooks Products for Accountants QuickBooks ProAdvisor Program QuickBooks Premier Accountant Edition Financial Statement Software QuickBooks Solutions for Your Clients Payroll Solutions After-the-Fact Payroll Service Payroll Direct Deposit Online Payroll Solution Payroll Outsourcing File Payroll Taxes ProSeries Tax Solutions Professional Tax Software Professional Tax Resources Tax Document Management E-File Resources More Tax Practice Management Tools Lacerte Tax Solutions Professional Tax Preparation Software Professional Tax Software Resources Tax Document Management Tax Analysis Software More Tax Practice Management Tools More Products & Solutions Intuit ProConnection Newsletter for Accounting & Tax Professionals Intuit Product Discounts Accept Credit Cards, Checks & More Intuit Product Resources for Educators Tax Professionals Wiki More Tax & Accounting Productivity Products More Tax & Accounting Services Additional Resources Community Support Training Resources QuickBooks Certification Tax & Accounting Software Training QuickBooks Accounting Software Training Lacerte Tax Software Training ProSeries Professional Tax Software Training Featured Products & Solutions Document Organizer Professional Online Tax Software Professional Tax Research Accounting Employment')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00241', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> To Order, Call Sales 888 236-9501 Community Order Status View Cart Your Shopping Cart View/Edit Cart Solutions for My Clients Practice Resources ProLine News Central Specials What\'s New in QuickBooks 2012 Intuit ProLine News Central Older Posts Login and Register Login Register Search ProLine News Central Blog Search for Follow Us Topic List From The Experts Intuit News Ways To Grow Your Business Ways To Be More Productive New Product Information & Special Offers Industry News Newsletter Upcoming Events Get Updates The Way You Want Get news faster in the way you want it, sign up for any or all of the following Email Alerts, Newsletter, & RSS Upcoming Events February 2012 Mon Tue Wed Thu Fri Sat Sun 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 Contributors Follow us on Twitter RT @ProlineHelp New information about Indiana in 2011 #Lacerte - http //t.co/QEQKi8sD February 10, 2012 09 13 03 PM from web Reply Retweet Favorite Americans who earned $49,078 or less may be eligible for Earned Income Tax Credit. http //t.co/3wVrN29P #taxinfo February 10, 2012 09 10 11 PM from web Reply Retweet Favorite ProSeries customers not an authorized e-File Provider You must be if you file 10+ returns. Info at http //t.co/VL40ES0b #INTUefile February 10, 2012 07 55 03 PM from HootSuite Reply Retweet Favorite Lacerte customers not an authorized e-File Provider If filing 10+ returns U need 2B. Learn the steps. http //t.co/fCrAHiBw #INTUefile February 10, 2012 07 25 07 PM from HootSuite Reply Retweet Favorite RT @ProlineHelp Please Update your #Lacerte Software. Current version is 32.0209 and fixes a diagnostic error preventing some customers ... February 09, 2012 11 19 25 PM from HootSuite Reply Retweet Favorite @intuitproline Privacy Legal Contact Us About Intuit Intuit Labs Careers Site Feedback 2012 Intuit Inc. All rights reserved. Intuit, the Intuit logo, QuickBooks, ProSeries and Lacerte, among others, are registered trademarks and/or registered service marks of Intuit Inc. or one of its subsidiaries. Other parties\' marks are the property of their respective owners. Terms, conditions, features, pricing, support and service are subject to change at anytime without notice. The views expressed on this blog are those of the bloggers, and not necessarily those of Intuit. Third-party blogger may have received compensation for their time and services. Click here to read full disclosure on third-party bloggers. This blog does not provide legal, financial, accounting or tax advice. The content on this blog is "as is" and carries no warranties. Intuit does not warrant or guarantee the accuracy, reliability, and completeness of the content on this blog. After 20 days, comments are closed on posts. Comments are subject to moderation. Comments that include profanity or abusive language will not be posted. Click here to read full Terms of Service . Professional Accounting Software QuickBooks Products for Accountants QuickBooks ProAdvisor Program QuickBooks Premier Accountant Edition Financial Statement Software QuickBooks Solutions for Your Clients Payroll Solutions After-the-Fact Payroll Service Payroll Direct Deposit Online Payroll Solution Payroll Outsourcing File Payroll Taxes ProSeries Tax Solutions Professional Tax Software Professional Tax Resources Tax Document Management E-File Resources More Tax Practice Management Tools Lacerte Tax Solutions Professional Tax Preparation Software Professional Tax Software Resources Tax Document Management Tax Analysis Software More Tax Practice Management Tools More Products & Solutions Intuit ProConnection Newsletter for Accounting & Tax Professionals Intuit Product Discounts Accept Credit Cards, Checks & More Intuit Product Resources for Educators Tax Professionals Wiki More Tax & Accounting Productivity Products More Tax & Accounting Services Additional Resources Community Support Training Resources QuickBooks Certification Tax & Accounting Software Training QuickBooks Accounting Software Training Lacerte Tax Software Training ProSeries Professional Tax Software Training Featured Products & Solutions Document Organizer Professional Online Tax Software Professional Tax Research Accounting Employment')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00242', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> To Order, Call Sales 888 236-9501 Community Order Status View Cart Your Shopping Cart View/Edit Cart Solutions for My Clients Practice Resources ProLine News Central Specials What\'s New in QuickBooks 2012 Intuit ProLine News Central Older Posts Login and Register Login Register Search ProLine News Central Blog Search for Follow Us Topic List From The Experts Intuit News Ways To Grow Your Business Ways To Be More Productive New Product Information & Special Offers Industry News Newsletter Upcoming Events Get Updates The Way You Want Get news faster in the way you want it, sign up for any or all of the following Email Alerts, Newsletter, & RSS Upcoming Events February 2012 Mon Tue Wed Thu Fri Sat Sun 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 Contributors Follow us on Twitter RT @ProlineHelp New information about Indiana in 2011 #Lacerte - http //t.co/QEQKi8sD February 10, 2012 09 13 03 PM from web Reply Retweet Favorite Americans who earned $49,078 or less may be eligible for Earned Income Tax Credit. http //t.co/3wVrN29P #taxinfo February 10, 2012 09 10 11 PM from web Reply Retweet Favorite ProSeries customers not an authorized e-File Provider You must be if you file 10+ returns. Info at http //t.co/VL40ES0b #INTUefile February 10, 2012 07 55 03 PM from HootSuite Reply Retweet Favorite Lacerte customers not an authorized e-File Provider If filing 10+ returns U need 2B. Learn the steps. http //t.co/fCrAHiBw #INTUefile February 10, 2012 07 25 07 PM from HootSuite Reply Retweet Favorite RT @ProlineHelp Please Update your #Lacerte Software. Current version is 32.0209 and fixes a diagnostic error preventing some customers ... February 09, 2012 11 19 25 PM from HootSuite Reply Retweet Favorite @intuitproline Privacy Legal Contact Us About Intuit Intuit Labs Careers Site Feedback 2012 Intuit Inc. All rights reserved. Intuit, the Intuit logo, QuickBooks, ProSeries and Lacerte, among others, are registered trademarks and/or registered service marks of Intuit Inc. or one of its subsidiaries. Other parties\' marks are the property of their respective owners. Terms, conditions, features, pricing, support and service are subject to change at anytime without notice. The views expressed on this blog are those of the bloggers, and not necessarily those of Intuit. Third-party blogger may have received compensation for their time and services. Click here to read full disclosure on third-party bloggers. This blog does not provide legal, financial, accounting or tax advice. The content on this blog is "as is" and carries no warranties. Intuit does not warrant or guarantee the accuracy, reliability, and completeness of the content on this blog. After 20 days, comments are closed on posts. Comments are subject to moderation. Comments that include profanity or abusive language will not be posted. Click here to read full Terms of Service . Professional Accounting Software QuickBooks Products for Accountants QuickBooks ProAdvisor Program QuickBooks Premier Accountant Edition Financial Statement Software QuickBooks Solutions for Your Clients Payroll Solutions After-the-Fact Payroll Service Payroll Direct Deposit Online Payroll Solution Payroll Outsourcing File Payroll Taxes ProSeries Tax Solutions Professional Tax Software Professional Tax Resources Tax Document Management E-File Resources More Tax Practice Management Tools Lacerte Tax Solutions Professional Tax Preparation Software Professional Tax Software Resources Tax Document Management Tax Analysis Software More Tax Practice Management Tools More Products & Solutions Intuit ProConnection Newsletter for Accounting & Tax Professionals Intuit Product Discounts Accept Credit Cards, Checks & More Intuit Product Resources for Educators Tax Professionals Wiki More Tax & Accounting Productivity Products More Tax & Accounting Services Additional Resources Community Support Training Resources QuickBooks Certification Tax & Accounting Software Training QuickBooks Accounting Software Training Lacerte Tax Software Training ProSeries Professional Tax Software Training Featured Products & Solutions Document Organizer Professional Online Tax Software Professional Tax Research Accounting Employment')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00243', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> To Order, Call Sales 888 236-9501 Community Order Status View Cart Your Shopping Cart View/Edit Cart Solutions for My Clients Practice Resources ProLine News Central Specials What\'s New in QuickBooks 2012 Intuit ProLine News Central Older Posts Login and Register Login Register Search ProLine News Central Blog Search for Follow Us Topic List From The Experts Intuit News Ways To Grow Your Business Ways To Be More Productive New Product Information & Special Offers Industry News Newsletter Upcoming Events Get Updates The Way You Want Get news faster in the way you want it, sign up for any or all of the following Email Alerts, Newsletter, & RSS Upcoming Events February 2012 Mon Tue Wed Thu Fri Sat Sun 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 Contributors Follow us on Twitter RT @ProlineHelp New information about Indiana in 2011 #Lacerte - http //t.co/QEQKi8sD February 10, 2012 09 13 03 PM from web Reply Retweet Favorite Americans who earned $49,078 or less may be eligible for Earned Income Tax Credit. http //t.co/3wVrN29P #taxinfo February 10, 2012 09 10 11 PM from web Reply Retweet Favorite ProSeries customers not an authorized e-File Provider You must be if you file 10+ returns. Info at http //t.co/VL40ES0b #INTUefile February 10, 2012 07 55 03 PM from HootSuite Reply Retweet Favorite Lacerte customers not an authorized e-File Provider If filing 10+ returns U need 2B. Learn the steps. http //t.co/fCrAHiBw #INTUefile February 10, 2012 07 25 07 PM from HootSuite Reply Retweet Favorite RT @ProlineHelp Please Update your #Lacerte Software. Current version is 32.0209 and fixes a diagnostic error preventing some customers ... February 09, 2012 11 19 25 PM from HootSuite Reply Retweet Favorite @intuitproline Privacy Legal Contact Us About Intuit Intuit Labs Careers Site Feedback 2012 Intuit Inc. All rights reserved. Intuit, the Intuit logo, QuickBooks, ProSeries and Lacerte, among others, are registered trademarks and/or registered service marks of Intuit Inc. or one of its subsidiaries. Other parties\' marks are the property of their respective owners. Terms, conditions, features, pricing, support and service are subject to change at anytime without notice. The views expressed on this blog are those of the bloggers, and not necessarily those of Intuit. Third-party blogger may have received compensation for their time and services. Click here to read full disclosure on third-party bloggers. This blog does not provide legal, financial, accounting or tax advice. The content on this blog is "as is" and carries no warranties. Intuit does not warrant or guarantee the accuracy, reliability, and completeness of the content on this blog. After 20 days, comments are closed on posts. Comments are subject to moderation. Comments that include profanity or abusive language will not be posted. Click here to read full Terms of Service . Professional Accounting Software QuickBooks Products for Accountants QuickBooks ProAdvisor Program QuickBooks Premier Accountant Edition Financial Statement Software QuickBooks Solutions for Your Clients Payroll Solutions After-the-Fact Payroll Service Payroll Direct Deposit Online Payroll Solution Payroll Outsourcing File Payroll Taxes ProSeries Tax Solutions Professional Tax Software Professional Tax Resources Tax Document Management E-File Resources More Tax Practice Management Tools Lacerte Tax Solutions Professional Tax Preparation Software Professional Tax Software Resources Tax Document Management Tax Analysis Software More Tax Practice Management Tools More Products & Solutions Intuit ProConnection Newsletter for Accounting & Tax Professionals Intuit Product Discounts Accept Credit Cards, Checks & More Intuit Product Resources for Educators Tax Professionals Wiki More Tax & Accounting Productivity Products More Tax & Accounting Services Additional Resources Community Support Training Resources QuickBooks Certification Tax & Accounting Software Training QuickBooks Accounting Software Training Lacerte Tax Software Training ProSeries Professional Tax Software Training Featured Products & Solutions Document Organizer Professional Online Tax Software Professional Tax Research Accounting Employment')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00244', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> To Order, Call Sales 888 236-9501 Community Order Status View Cart Your Shopping Cart View/Edit Cart Solutions for My Clients Practice Resources ProLine News Central Specials What\'s New in QuickBooks 2012 Intuit ProLine News Central Older Posts Login and Register Login Register Search ProLine News Central Blog Search for Follow Us Topic List From The Experts Intuit News Ways To Grow Your Business Ways To Be More Productive New Product Information & Special Offers Industry News Newsletter Upcoming Events Get Updates The Way You Want Get news faster in the way you want it, sign up for any or all of the following Email Alerts, Newsletter, & RSS Upcoming Events February 2012 Mon Tue Wed Thu Fri Sat Sun 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 Contributors Follow us on Twitter RT @ProlineHelp New information about Indiana in 2011 #Lacerte - http //t.co/QEQKi8sD February 10, 2012 09 13 03 PM from web Reply Retweet Favorite Americans who earned $49,078 or less may be eligible for Earned Income Tax Credit. http //t.co/3wVrN29P #taxinfo February 10, 2012 09 10 11 PM from web Reply Retweet Favorite ProSeries customers not an authorized e-File Provider You must be if you file 10+ returns. Info at http //t.co/VL40ES0b #INTUefile February 10, 2012 07 55 03 PM from HootSuite Reply Retweet Favorite Lacerte customers not an authorized e-File Provider If filing 10+ returns U need 2B. Learn the steps. http //t.co/fCrAHiBw #INTUefile February 10, 2012 07 25 07 PM from HootSuite Reply Retweet Favorite RT @ProlineHelp Please Update your #Lacerte Software. Current version is 32.0209 and fixes a diagnostic error preventing some customers ... February 09, 2012 11 19 25 PM from HootSuite Reply Retweet Favorite @intuitproline Privacy Legal Contact Us About Intuit Intuit Labs Careers Site Feedback 2012 Intuit Inc. All rights reserved. Intuit, the Intuit logo, QuickBooks, ProSeries and Lacerte, among others, are registered trademarks and/or registered service marks of Intuit Inc. or one of its subsidiaries. Other parties\' marks are the property of their respective owners. Terms, conditions, features, pricing, support and service are subject to change at anytime without notice. The views expressed on this blog are those of the bloggers, and not necessarily those of Intuit. Third-party blogger may have received compensation for their time and services. Click here to read full disclosure on third-party bloggers. This blog does not provide legal, financial, accounting or tax advice. The content on this blog is "as is" and carries no warranties. Intuit does not warrant or guarantee the accuracy, reliability, and completeness of the content on this blog. After 20 days, comments are closed on posts. Comments are subject to moderation. Comments that include profanity or abusive language will not be posted. Click here to read full Terms of Service . Professional Accounting Software QuickBooks Products for Accountants QuickBooks ProAdvisor Program QuickBooks Premier Accountant Edition Financial Statement Software QuickBooks Solutions for Your Clients Payroll Solutions After-the-Fact Payroll Service Payroll Direct Deposit Online Payroll Solution Payroll Outsourcing File Payroll Taxes ProSeries Tax Solutions Professional Tax Software Professional Tax Resources Tax Document Management E-File Resources More Tax Practice Management Tools Lacerte Tax Solutions Professional Tax Preparation Software Professional Tax Software Resources Tax Document Management Tax Analysis Software More Tax Practice Management Tools More Products & Solutions Intuit ProConnection Newsletter for Accounting & Tax Professionals Intuit Product Discounts Accept Credit Cards, Checks & More Intuit Product Resources for Educators Tax Professionals Wiki More Tax & Accounting Productivity Products More Tax & Accounting Services Additional Resources Community Support Training Resources QuickBooks Certification Tax & Accounting Software Training QuickBooks Accounting Software Training Lacerte Tax Software Training ProSeries Professional Tax Software Training Featured Products & Solutions Document Organizer Professional Online Tax Software Professional Tax Research Accounting Employment')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00245', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> To Order, Call Sales 888 236-9501 Community Order Status View Cart Your Shopping Cart View/Edit Cart Solutions for My Clients Practice Resources ProLine News Central Specials What\'s New in QuickBooks 2012 Intuit ProLine News Central From The Experts Sorting Out Sales Tax and Nexus February 6th 2012 by Shane Ratigan A sales tax is an excise tax on transactions. Traditionally, the types of transactions where a state could demand sales tax collection were easy to identify. Typical transactions in the last century were remarkably localized compared to modern commercial channels. Cross-border transactions were the exception. Today, cross-border transactions are the norm. Vendors of all sizes and all niches are likely to engage in business transactions with parties all over the United States and perhaps the world. The elimination of borders as a barrier to trade places particular emphasis on the essential question, Which vendors are compelled to collect sales taxes In this arena, one very important legal principle always takes center stage nexus. In the legal sense, nexus describes the connection between two or more participants, interests or concepts. In the world of sales tax, nexus refers to the connection a retailer has with a state. Nexus is the legal connection that empowers a state to demand collection and remittance of a retail sales tax. The U.S. Supreme Court developed its core concept of nexus in the field of taxation more than 125 years ago The power of taxation, however vast in its character and searching in its extent, is necessarily limited to subjects within the jurisdiction of the State. These subjects are persons, property and business. Whatever form taxation may assume, whether as duties, imports, excises, or licenses, it must relate to one of these subjects. Cleveland v Penn. 82 US 179, 186 1873 . More recently, the Court gave us one deceptively simple bright line nexus rule in 1992 a seller whose only connection with customers in the State is by common carrier or the United States mail lack s the requisite minimum contacts with the State Quill v N.D., 112 S. Ct. 1904 1992 . This bright line rule for sales tax nexus is presented in the negative. The Quill rule instructs a vendor what is not nexus, but it leaves a vendor empty-handed if it is looking for exactly what is nexus, constitutionally speaking of course. The Court has its own reasons for avoiding specifics in this area because it believes the rules of sales tax collection between the states falls confidently on the U.S. Congress to figure out. Where does this leave us Since states are eager to require collection and remittance, many have taken steps to expand their definition of nexus by regulatory and policy efforts. However, the limited utility of the Quill decision left them plenty of room for creativity. A Few of the Ways States Try to Compel Collection and Remittance Recently, states have developed and tested legal theories in order to push the boundaries of nexus. Some have met with success and some have not; most disconcerting, however, is that some theories are still being vetted in state and federal courthouses. Attributional Affiliate Nexus Amazon Laws The expansion of the affiliate concept is currently being pushed by a few states. New York has had success defending its so-called Amazon Law with the following affiliate definition of nexus an affiliated person that is a vendor as otherwise defined in this paragraph uses in the state trademarks, service marks, or trade names that are the same as those the seller uses; or II an affiliated person engages in activities in the state that inure to the benefit of the seller, in its development or maintenance of a market for its goods or services in the state N.Y. Tax Law 1101 b 8 i I These laws are directed at Internet-based vendors who use affiliate advertisements. The ads appear on web pages based on servers in New York State. Under these circumstances, the court stated Amazon s lack of control over the web page owners did not preclude the state from enforcing collection on the Internet vendor. The Amazon law opens the door for states to require sales tax collection in situations where a company has only limited commercial activities within a state. As Internet marketing becomes more complex and entangled, there are more opportunities for otherwise remote activities to trigger sales tax nexus in a given state. In-State Representatives It seems intuitive that paid representatives in a state will trigger nexus. However, the use of independentcontractors and sales representatives performing significant activities in a state has generally been held to create nexus. An independent representative need not even be paid in some states in order to trigger nexus! Occasional or Minimum Presence In general, permanence is not a required element for the nexus analysis. In fact, many courts find nexus either through existence of property or agents of the vendor. For example, the N.Y. Court of Appeals declared that while a physical presence of the vendor is required, it need not be substantial. Rather, it must be demonstrably more than a slightest presence. Vermont Info Processing 86 NYS 2d 165 1995 . Otherwise innocuous instances of a vendor s presence, such as deliveries, installation or occasional service calls can trigger nexus. Transactional Nexus Any office in a state can trigger nexus. Even sales entirely unrelated to the in state presence of a vendor s employees are subject to sales tax collection. For example, a mail order company with an advertising office in-state, even where that office is entirely unrelated to the mail order business, is still required to collect on mail order sales. If your clients have business in more than one state, nexus laws affect them. Don t be caught unaware! Keep up with sales tax laws so your clients can rest easy. Share and Enjoy About Shane Ratigan Shane Ratigan Shane Ratigan began his career as a self-employed business owner. After 10 years in the motorcycle business, he returned to college to gain a Bachelor s in Accounting and a Bachelor s in Business Administration. He went on to earn his Juris Doctorate at Syracuse University College of Law in New York and his LLM Master s of Taxation at the University of Washington in Seattle. Shane has spent several years counseling small business owners on tax and succession planning. He is a licensed attorney in Oregon and Washington. Shane currently works in sales tax law and sales tax compliance with Avalara, a Software-as-a-Service end-to-end sales tax solution for businesses of all sizes. See all of Shane\'s articles You can also visit Shane\'s Website When commenting, please be polite and use the site for your own personal, non-commercial use. For the full legalese of dos and don\'ts, see our Online Community Terms of Use. Thanks! No Comments No comments yet. RSS feed for comments on this post. Leave a comment You must be logged in to post a comment. Login and Register Login Register Search ProLine News Central Blog Search for Follow Us Topic List From The Experts Intuit News Ways To Grow Your Business Ways To Be More Productive New Product Information & Special Offers Industry News Newsletter Upcoming Events Get Updates The Way You Want Get news faster in the way you want it, sign up for any or all of the following Email Alerts, Newsletter, & RSS Upcoming Events February 2012 Mon Tue Wed Thu Fri Sat Sun 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 Contributors Follow us on Twitter RT @ProlineHelp New information about Indiana in 2011 #Lacerte - http //t.co/QEQKi8sD February 10, 2012 09 13 03 PM from web Reply Retweet Favorite Americans who earned $49,078 or less may be eligible for Earned Income Tax Credit. http //t.co/3wVrN29P #taxinfo February 10, 2012 09 10 11 PM from web Reply Retweet Favorite ProSeries customers not an authorized e-File Provider You must be if you file 10+ returns. Info at http //t.co/VL40ES0b #INTUefile February 10, 2012 07 55 03 PM from HootSuite Reply Retweet Favorite Lacerte customers not an authorized e-File Provider If filing 10+ returns U need 2B. Learn the steps. http //t.co/fCrAHiBw #INTUefile February 10, 2012 07 25 07 PM from HootSuite Reply Retweet Favorite RT @ProlineHelp Please Update your #Lacerte Software. Current version is 32.0209 and fixes a diagnostic error preventing some customers ... February 09, 2012 11 19 25 PM from HootSuite Reply Retweet Favorite @intuitproline Privacy Legal Contact Us About Intuit Intuit Labs Careers Site Feedback 2012 Intuit Inc. All rights reserved. Intuit, the Intuit logo, QuickBooks, ProSeries and Lacerte, among others, are registered trademarks and/or registered service marks of Intuit Inc. or one of its subsidiaries. Other parties\' marks are the property of their respective owners. Terms, conditions, features, pricing, support and service are subject to change at anytime without notice. The views expressed on this blog are those of the bloggers, and not necessarily those of Intuit. Third-party blogger may have received compensation for their time and services. Click here to read full disclosure on third-party bloggers. This blog does not provide legal, financial, accounting or tax advice. The content on this blog is "as is" and carries no warranties. Intuit does not warrant or guarantee the accuracy, reliability, and completeness of the content on this blog. After 20 days, comments are closed on posts. Comments are subject to moderation. Comments that include profanity or abusive language will not be posted. Click here to read full Terms of Service . Professional Accounting Software QuickBooks Products for Accountants QuickBooks ProAdvisor Program QuickBooks Premier Accountant Edition Financial Statement Software QuickBooks Solutions for Your Clients Payroll Solutions After-the-Fact Payroll Service Payroll Direct Deposit Online Payroll Solution Payroll Outsourcing File Payroll Taxes ProSeries Tax Solutions Professional Tax Software Professional Tax Resources Tax Document Management E-File Resources More Tax Practice Management Tools Lacerte Tax Solutions Professional Tax Preparation Software Professional Tax Software Resources Tax Document Management Tax Analysis Software More Tax Practice Management Tools More Products & Solutions Intuit ProConnection Newsletter for Accounting & Tax Professionals Intuit Product Discounts Accept Credit Cards, Checks & More Intuit Product Resources for Educators Tax Professionals Wiki More Tax & Accounting Productivity Products More Tax & Accounting Services Additional Resources Community Support Training Resources QuickBooks Certification Tax & Accounting Software Training QuickBooks Accounting Software Training Lacerte Tax Software Training ProSeries Professional Tax Software Training Featured Products & Solutions Document Organizer Professional Online Tax Software Professional Tax Research Accounting Employment')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00246', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> To Order, Call Sales 888 236-9501 Community Order Status View Cart Your Shopping Cart View/Edit Cart Solutions for My Clients Practice Resources ProLine News Central Specials What\'s New in QuickBooks 2012 Intuit ProLine News Central From The Experts Sorting Out Sales Tax and Nexus February 6th 2012 by Shane Ratigan A sales tax is an excise tax on transactions. Traditionally, the types of transactions where a state could demand sales tax collection were easy to identify. Typical transactions in the last century were remarkably localized compared to modern commercial channels. Cross-border transactions were the exception. Today, cross-border transactions are the norm. Vendors of all sizes and all niches are likely to engage in business transactions with parties all over the United States and perhaps the world. The elimination of borders as a barrier to trade places particular emphasis on the essential question, Which vendors are compelled to collect sales taxes In this arena, one very important legal principle always takes center stage nexus. In the legal sense, nexus describes the connection between two or more participants, interests or concepts. In the world of sales tax, nexus refers to the connection a retailer has with a state. Nexus is the legal connection that empowers a state to demand collection and remittance of a retail sales tax. The U.S. Supreme Court developed its core concept of nexus in the field of taxation more than 125 years ago The power of taxation, however vast in its character and searching in its extent, is necessarily limited to subjects within the jurisdiction of the State. These subjects are persons, property and business. Whatever form taxation may assume, whether as duties, imports, excises, or licenses, it must relate to one of these subjects. Cleveland v Penn. 82 US 179, 186 1873 . More recently, the Court gave us one deceptively simple bright line nexus rule in 1992 a seller whose only connection with customers in the State is by common carrier or the United States mail lack s the requisite minimum contacts with the State Quill v N.D., 112 S. Ct. 1904 1992 . This bright line rule for sales tax nexus is presented in the negative. The Quill rule instructs a vendor what is not nexus, but it leaves a vendor empty-handed if it is looking for exactly what is nexus, constitutionally speaking of course. The Court has its own reasons for avoiding specifics in this area because it believes the rules of sales tax collection between the states falls confidently on the U.S. Congress to figure out. Where does this leave us Since states are eager to require collection and remittance, many have taken steps to expand their definition of nexus by regulatory and policy efforts. However, the limited utility of the Quill decision left them plenty of room for creativity. A Few of the Ways States Try to Compel Collection and Remittance Recently, states have developed and tested legal theories in order to push the boundaries of nexus. Some have met with success and some have not; most disconcerting, however, is that some theories are still being vetted in state and federal courthouses. Attributional Affiliate Nexus Amazon Laws The expansion of the affiliate concept is currently being pushed by a few states. New York has had success defending its so-called Amazon Law with the following affiliate definition of nexus an affiliated person that is a vendor as otherwise defined in this paragraph uses in the state trademarks, service marks, or trade names that are the same as those the seller uses; or II an affiliated person engages in activities in the state that inure to the benefit of the seller, in its development or maintenance of a market for its goods or services in the state N.Y. Tax Law 1101 b 8 i I These laws are directed at Internet-based vendors who use affiliate advertisements. The ads appear on web pages based on servers in New York State. Under these circumstances, the court stated Amazon s lack of control over the web page owners did not preclude the state from enforcing collection on the Internet vendor. The Amazon law opens the door for states to require sales tax collection in situations where a company has only limited commercial activities within a state. As Internet marketing becomes more complex and entangled, there are more opportunities for otherwise remote activities to trigger sales tax nexus in a given state. In-State Representatives It seems intuitive that paid representatives in a state will trigger nexus. However, the use of independentcontractors and sales representatives performing significant activities in a state has generally been held to create nexus. An independent representative need not even be paid in some states in order to trigger nexus! Occasional or Minimum Presence In general, permanence is not a required element for the nexus analysis. In fact, many courts find nexus either through existence of property or agents of the vendor. For example, the N.Y. Court of Appeals declared that while a physical presence of the vendor is required, it need not be substantial. Rather, it must be demonstrably more than a slightest presence. Vermont Info Processing 86 NYS 2d 165 1995 . Otherwise innocuous instances of a vendor s presence, such as deliveries, installation or occasional service calls can trigger nexus. Transactional Nexus Any office in a state can trigger nexus. Even sales entirely unrelated to the in state presence of a vendor s employees are subject to sales tax collection. For example, a mail order company with an advertising office in-state, even where that office is entirely unrelated to the mail order business, is still required to collect on mail order sales. If your clients have business in more than one state, nexus laws affect them. Don t be caught unaware! Keep up with sales tax laws so your clients can rest easy. Share and Enjoy About Shane Ratigan Shane Ratigan Shane Ratigan began his career as a self-employed business owner. After 10 years in the motorcycle business, he returned to college to gain a Bachelor s in Accounting and a Bachelor s in Business Administration. He went on to earn his Juris Doctorate at Syracuse University College of Law in New York and his LLM Master s of Taxation at the University of Washington in Seattle. Shane has spent several years counseling small business owners on tax and succession planning. He is a licensed attorney in Oregon and Washington. Shane currently works in sales tax law and sales tax compliance with Avalara, a Software-as-a-Service end-to-end sales tax solution for businesses of all sizes. See all of Shane\'s articles You can also visit Shane\'s Website When commenting, please be polite and use the site for your own personal, non-commercial use. For the full legalese of dos and don\'ts, see our Online Community Terms of Use. Thanks! No Comments No comments yet. RSS feed for comments on this post. Leave a comment You must be logged in to post a comment. Login and Register Login Register Search ProLine News Central Blog Search for Follow Us Topic List From The Experts Intuit News Ways To Grow Your Business Ways To Be More Productive New Product Information & Special Offers Industry News Newsletter Upcoming Events Get Updates The Way You Want Get news faster in the way you want it, sign up for any or all of the following Email Alerts, Newsletter, & RSS Upcoming Events February 2012 Mon Tue Wed Thu Fri Sat Sun 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 Contributors Follow us on Twitter RT @ProlineHelp New information about Indiana in 2011 #Lacerte - http //t.co/QEQKi8sD February 10, 2012 09 13 03 PM from web Reply Retweet Favorite Americans who earned $49,078 or less may be eligible for Earned Income Tax Credit. http //t.co/3wVrN29P #taxinfo February 10, 2012 09 10 11 PM from web Reply Retweet Favorite ProSeries customers not an authorized e-File Provider You must be if you file 10+ returns. Info at http //t.co/VL40ES0b #INTUefile February 10, 2012 07 55 03 PM from HootSuite Reply Retweet Favorite Lacerte customers not an authorized e-File Provider If filing 10+ returns U need 2B. Learn the steps. http //t.co/fCrAHiBw #INTUefile February 10, 2012 07 25 07 PM from HootSuite Reply Retweet Favorite RT @ProlineHelp Please Update your #Lacerte Software. Current version is 32.0209 and fixes a diagnostic error preventing some customers ... February 09, 2012 11 19 25 PM from HootSuite Reply Retweet Favorite @intuitproline Privacy Legal Contact Us About Intuit Intuit Labs Careers Site Feedback 2012 Intuit Inc. All rights reserved. Intuit, the Intuit logo, QuickBooks, ProSeries and Lacerte, among others, are registered trademarks and/or registered service marks of Intuit Inc. or one of its subsidiaries. Other parties\' marks are the property of their respective owners. Terms, conditions, features, pricing, support and service are subject to change at anytime without notice. The views expressed on this blog are those of the bloggers, and not necessarily those of Intuit. Third-party blogger may have received compensation for their time and services. Click here to read full disclosure on third-party bloggers. This blog does not provide legal, financial, accounting or tax advice. The content on this blog is "as is" and carries no warranties. Intuit does not warrant or guarantee the accuracy, reliability, and completeness of the content on this blog. After 20 days, comments are closed on posts. Comments are subject to moderation. Comments that include profanity or abusive language will not be posted. Click here to read full Terms of Service . Professional Accounting Software QuickBooks Products for Accountants QuickBooks ProAdvisor Program QuickBooks Premier Accountant Edition Financial Statement Software QuickBooks Solutions for Your Clients Payroll Solutions After-the-Fact Payroll Service Payroll Direct Deposit Online Payroll Solution Payroll Outsourcing File Payroll Taxes ProSeries Tax Solutions Professional Tax Software Professional Tax Resources Tax Document Management E-File Resources More Tax Practice Management Tools Lacerte Tax Solutions Professional Tax Preparation Software Professional Tax Software Resources Tax Document Management Tax Analysis Software More Tax Practice Management Tools More Products & Solutions Intuit ProConnection Newsletter for Accounting & Tax Professionals Intuit Product Discounts Accept Credit Cards, Checks & More Intuit Product Resources for Educators Tax Professionals Wiki More Tax & Accounting Productivity Products More Tax & Accounting Services Additional Resources Community Support Training Resources QuickBooks Certification Tax & Accounting Software Training QuickBooks Accounting Software Training Lacerte Tax Software Training ProSeries Professional Tax Software Training Featured Products & Solutions Document Organizer Professional Online Tax Software Professional Tax Research Accounting Employment')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00247', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> To Order, Call Sales 888 236-9501 Community Order Status View Cart Your Shopping Cart View/Edit Cart Solutions for My Clients Practice Resources ProLine News Central Specials What\'s New in QuickBooks 2012 Intuit ProLine News Central Ways To Be More Productive Save Dialing Time by Using Search/Ask February 2nd 2012 by Intuit Staff It s tax season, and that means your time is at a premium. Sometimes, the last thing a tax preparer wants to do is spend time on the phone getting answers to complicated questions, especially if the answers are available at the click of a mouse. Welcome to Ask Lacerte and Ask ProSeries , two search/self-service pages that feature one-click access to many of the most popular questions we get on our phone support calls or through online searches. The beauty of Ask Lacerte and Ask ProSeries is that we ve anticipated your questions, and as a result, we provide the answers you need right now. Here are our TOP calls we receive; Search/Ask could save you a lot of time in finding the answers to these questions Forms Availability/Release Dates questions when will forms be final available to e-File ; do you expect these to be diminished in frequency this year I would like to check double check the status of my return. Help me update the status of the return. e-File How-Do-I questions how to e-File, e-File state only and e-File corporate extensions Of course, each preparer has his or her own particular needs. As always, phone support is available to answer questions. However, when time is short and you must have an answer right now, check out Ask Lacerte and Ask ProSeries . It s quite likely you can get your questions answered within a matter of moments. Share and Enjoy About Intuit Staff Intuit Staff This article was contributed by Intuit staff. For more information on Intuit, QuickBooks, or any related software or service, please visit http //accountant.intuit.com. We also welcome story ideas. Please submit them to proline@intuit.com. See all of Intuit\'s articles When commenting, please be polite and use the site for your own personal, non-commercial use. For the full legalese of dos and don\'ts, see our Online Community Terms of Use. Thanks! No Comments No comments yet. RSS feed for comments on this post. Leave a comment You must be logged in to post a comment. Login and Register Login Register Search ProLine News Central Blog Search for Follow Us Topic List From The Experts Intuit News Ways To Grow Your Business Ways To Be More Productive New Product Information & Special Offers Industry News Newsletter Upcoming Events Get Updates The Way You Want Get news faster in the way you want it, sign up for any or all of the following Email Alerts, Newsletter, & RSS Upcoming Events February 2012 Mon Tue Wed Thu Fri Sat Sun 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 Contributors Follow us on Twitter RT @ProlineHelp New information about Indiana in 2011 #Lacerte - http //t.co/QEQKi8sD February 10, 2012 09 13 03 PM from web Reply Retweet Favorite Americans who earned $49,078 or less may be eligible for Earned Income Tax Credit. http //t.co/3wVrN29P #taxinfo February 10, 2012 09 10 11 PM from web Reply Retweet Favorite ProSeries customers not an authorized e-File Provider You must be if you file 10+ returns. Info at http //t.co/VL40ES0b #INTUefile February 10, 2012 07 55 03 PM from HootSuite Reply Retweet Favorite Lacerte customers not an authorized e-File Provider If filing 10+ returns U need 2B. Learn the steps. http //t.co/fCrAHiBw #INTUefile February 10, 2012 07 25 07 PM from HootSuite Reply Retweet Favorite RT @ProlineHelp Please Update your #Lacerte Software. Current version is 32.0209 and fixes a diagnostic error preventing some customers ... February 09, 2012 11 19 25 PM from HootSuite Reply Retweet Favorite @intuitproline Privacy Legal Contact Us About Intuit Intuit Labs Careers Site Feedback 2012 Intuit Inc. All rights reserved. Intuit, the Intuit logo, QuickBooks, ProSeries and Lacerte, among others, are registered trademarks and/or registered service marks of Intuit Inc. or one of its subsidiaries. Other parties\' marks are the property of their respective owners. Terms, conditions, features, pricing, support and service are subject to change at anytime without notice. The views expressed on this blog are those of the bloggers, and not necessarily those of Intuit. Third-party blogger may have received compensation for their time and services. Click here to read full disclosure on third-party bloggers. This blog does not provide legal, financial, accounting or tax advice. The content on this blog is "as is" and carries no warranties. Intuit does not warrant or guarantee the accuracy, reliability, and completeness of the content on this blog. After 20 days, comments are closed on posts. Comments are subject to moderation. Comments that include profanity or abusive language will not be posted. Click here to read full Terms of Service . Professional Accounting Software QuickBooks Products for Accountants QuickBooks ProAdvisor Program QuickBooks Premier Accountant Edition Financial Statement Software QuickBooks Solutions for Your Clients Payroll Solutions After-the-Fact Payroll Service Payroll Direct Deposit Online Payroll Solution Payroll Outsourcing File Payroll Taxes ProSeries Tax Solutions Professional Tax Software Professional Tax Resources Tax Document Management E-File Resources More Tax Practice Management Tools Lacerte Tax Solutions Professional Tax Preparation Software Professional Tax Software Resources Tax Document Management Tax Analysis Software More Tax Practice Management Tools More Products & Solutions Intuit ProConnection Newsletter for Accounting & Tax Professionals Intuit Product Discounts Accept Credit Cards, Checks & More Intuit Product Resources for Educators Tax Professionals Wiki More Tax & Accounting Productivity Products More Tax & Accounting Services Additional Resources Community Support Training Resources QuickBooks Certification Tax & Accounting Software Training QuickBooks Accounting Software Training Lacerte Tax Software Training ProSeries Professional Tax Software Training Featured Products & Solutions Document Organizer Professional Online Tax Software Professional Tax Research Accounting Employment')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00248', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> To Order, Call Sales 888 236-9501 Community Order Status View Cart Your Shopping Cart View/Edit Cart Solutions for My Clients Practice Resources ProLine News Central Specials What\'s New in QuickBooks 2012 Intuit ProLine News Central Ways To Be More Productive Managing your Client s Electronic Filing With ProSeries Tax Software February 3rd 2012 by Julie Kozloski With electronic file e-File , it s the tax preparer s responsibility to make sure tax returns are accepted by the IRS and the state. Luckily, ProSeries makes it easy to manage the e-Filing status of your client s returns. For more info on how to manage your e-File and refund status in ProSeries, check out this video demo by Carolyn Brammer, an enrolled agent and an Intuit employee Using the e-Filing EF Center In ProSeries, the e-File status of returns is managed in the e-File EF Center, which is easily accessible from the HomeBase view. The EF Center consists of three tabs All tab Shows all client returns that are marked for e-File and their status e.g., Transmitted, Delayed, Rejected . Pending tab Shows all returns that are still in process. Accepted tab Shows which e-Filed returns are complete. Checking the e-Filing Status of Your Returns To simplify your workflow, ProSeries has many automated tools that will help you manage the e-Filing status of your returns Automatic Status Updates Each time you e-File a return, ProSeries automatically retrieves any new e-Filing status updates for previously e-Filed returns. E-File Status Scheduling ProSeries has incorporated Tax Scheduler, an automated tool that you can use to check for e-Filing status updates when ProSeries is not in use, such as in the middle of the night. To use this feature go to Tools > Options > Task Scheduler. E-File Status Reminders In ProSeries, you can create reminder features to prompt you to check for e-Filing status. To access this feature go to Tools > Options > Electronic Filing. Note You can also manually check the e-Filing status of your returns by going to e-File in your ProSeries menu. One-Click e-File Status Reporting Do you need a quick look at the e-filing status of all of your client s returns Simply press F12 on your keyboard or click e-File in your ProSeries menu to view a full e-Filing status report. E-filing Resources for ProSeries Find more help for e-Filing returns in ProSeries using these resources FAQs Choose Most common support questions from your tax software menu and click more to see more options. Ask ProSeries Go to Ask ProSeries to get help to FAQs. Search Use the search feature in your tax software to find helpful information. Online Check out the ProSeries e-Filing Atlas . Share and Enjoy About Julie Kozloski Julie Kozloski See all of Julie\'s articles When commenting, please be polite and use the site for your own personal, non-commercial use. For the full legalese of dos and don\'ts, see our Online Community Terms of Use. Thanks! No Comments No comments yet. RSS feed for comments on this post. Leave a comment You must be logged in to post a comment. Login and Register Login Register Search ProLine News Central Blog Search for Follow Us Topic List From The Experts Intuit News Ways To Grow Your Business Ways To Be More Productive New Product Information & Special Offers Industry News Newsletter Upcoming Events Get Updates The Way You Want Get news faster in the way you want it, sign up for any or all of the following Email Alerts, Newsletter, & RSS Upcoming Events February 2012 Mon Tue Wed Thu Fri Sat Sun 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 Contributors Follow us on Twitter RT @ProlineHelp New information about Indiana in 2011 #Lacerte - http //t.co/QEQKi8sD February 10, 2012 09 13 03 PM from web Reply Retweet Favorite Americans who earned $49,078 or less may be eligible for Earned Income Tax Credit. http //t.co/3wVrN29P #taxinfo February 10, 2012 09 10 11 PM from web Reply Retweet Favorite ProSeries customers not an authorized e-File Provider You must be if you file 10+ returns. Info at http //t.co/VL40ES0b #INTUefile February 10, 2012 07 55 03 PM from HootSuite Reply Retweet Favorite Lacerte customers not an authorized e-File Provider If filing 10+ returns U need 2B. Learn the steps. http //t.co/fCrAHiBw #INTUefile February 10, 2012 07 25 07 PM from HootSuite Reply Retweet Favorite RT @ProlineHelp Please Update your #Lacerte Software. Current version is 32.0209 and fixes a diagnostic error preventing some customers ... February 09, 2012 11 19 25 PM from HootSuite Reply Retweet Favorite @intuitproline Privacy Legal Contact Us About Intuit Intuit Labs Careers Site Feedback 2012 Intuit Inc. All rights reserved. Intuit, the Intuit logo, QuickBooks, ProSeries and Lacerte, among others, are registered trademarks and/or registered service marks of Intuit Inc. or one of its subsidiaries. Other parties\' marks are the property of their respective owners. Terms, conditions, features, pricing, support and service are subject to change at anytime without notice. The views expressed on this blog are those of the bloggers, and not necessarily those of Intuit. Third-party blogger may have received compensation for their time and services. Click here to read full disclosure on third-party bloggers. This blog does not provide legal, financial, accounting or tax advice. The content on this blog is "as is" and carries no warranties. Intuit does not warrant or guarantee the accuracy, reliability, and completeness of the content on this blog. After 20 days, comments are closed on posts. Comments are subject to moderation. Comments that include profanity or abusive language will not be posted. Click here to read full Terms of Service . Professional Accounting Software QuickBooks Products for Accountants QuickBooks ProAdvisor Program QuickBooks Premier Accountant Edition Financial Statement Software QuickBooks Solutions for Your Clients Payroll Solutions After-the-Fact Payroll Service Payroll Direct Deposit Online Payroll Solution Payroll Outsourcing File Payroll Taxes ProSeries Tax Solutions Professional Tax Software Professional Tax Resources Tax Document Management E-File Resources More Tax Practice Management Tools Lacerte Tax Solutions Professional Tax Preparation Software Professional Tax Software Resources Tax Document Management Tax Analysis Software More Tax Practice Management Tools More Products & Solutions Intuit ProConnection Newsletter for Accounting & Tax Professionals Intuit Product Discounts Accept Credit Cards, Checks & More Intuit Product Resources for Educators Tax Professionals Wiki More Tax & Accounting Productivity Products More Tax & Accounting Services Additional Resources Community Support Training Resources QuickBooks Certification Tax & Accounting Software Training QuickBooks Accounting Software Training Lacerte Tax Software Training ProSeries Professional Tax Software Training Featured Products & Solutions Document Organizer Professional Online Tax Software Professional Tax Research Accounting Employment')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00249', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> To Order, Call Sales 888 236-9501 Community Order Status View Cart Your Shopping Cart View/Edit Cart Solutions for My Clients Practice Resources ProLine News Central Specials What\'s New in QuickBooks 2012 Intuit ProLine News Central New Product Information & Special Offers Intuit s Little Square Offers Invaluable QuickBooks for Mac Resources February 6th 2012 by Intuit Staff Even if you have just one QuickBooks for Mac client, you need to be well-versed on the unique needs of Mac users. Intuit s Little Square is your go-to resource you ll find yourself using again and again. A quick scan of the site offers a number of categories created for QuickBooks for Mac customers resources your own customers will appreciate knowing more about. Categories include the following Square One These pages offer the basics, including switching to Mac from Windows, upgrading to the current version of QuickBooks and information for anyone new to QuickBooks. QuickBooks Essentials If you want to advise your customers on how to set up QuickBooks for Mac, you ll find everything you need right here. From classes to accounts to lists and printing, there are useful solutions on every page. Running Your Business a great set of pages that focus on operations, such as inventory, mileage tracking and reports. Other categories include Banking, Getting Paid and Paying Others, and there are front page news stories and a number of video resources available as well. Check out Little Square today! You and your Mac customers will love it. Share and Enjoy About Intuit Staff Intuit Staff This article was contributed by Intuit staff. For more information on Intuit, QuickBooks, or any related software or service, please visit http //accountant.intuit.com. We also welcome story ideas. Please submit them to proline@intuit.com. See all of Intuit\'s articles When commenting, please be polite and use the site for your own personal, non-commercial use. For the full legalese of dos and don\'ts, see our Online Community Terms of Use. Thanks! No Comments No comments yet. RSS feed for comments on this post. Leave a comment You must be logged in to post a comment. Login and Register Login Register Search ProLine News Central Blog Search for Follow Us Topic List From The Experts Intuit News Ways To Grow Your Business Ways To Be More Productive New Product Information & Special Offers Industry News Newsletter Upcoming Events Get Updates The Way You Want Get news faster in the way you want it, sign up for any or all of the following Email Alerts, Newsletter, & RSS Upcoming Events February 2012 Mon Tue Wed Thu Fri Sat Sun 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 Contributors Follow us on Twitter RT @ProlineHelp New information about Indiana in 2011 #Lacerte - http //t.co/QEQKi8sD February 10, 2012 09 13 03 PM from web Reply Retweet Favorite Americans who earned $49,078 or less may be eligible for Earned Income Tax Credit. http //t.co/3wVrN29P #taxinfo February 10, 2012 09 10 11 PM from web Reply Retweet Favorite ProSeries customers not an authorized e-File Provider You must be if you file 10+ returns. Info at http //t.co/VL40ES0b #INTUefile February 10, 2012 07 55 03 PM from HootSuite Reply Retweet Favorite Lacerte customers not an authorized e-File Provider If filing 10+ returns U need 2B. Learn the steps. http //t.co/fCrAHiBw #INTUefile February 10, 2012 07 25 07 PM from HootSuite Reply Retweet Favorite RT @ProlineHelp Please Update your #Lacerte Software. Current version is 32.0209 and fixes a diagnostic error preventing some customers ... February 09, 2012 11 19 25 PM from HootSuite Reply Retweet Favorite @intuitproline Privacy Legal Contact Us About Intuit Intuit Labs Careers Site Feedback 2012 Intuit Inc. All rights reserved. Intuit, the Intuit logo, QuickBooks, ProSeries and Lacerte, among others, are registered trademarks and/or registered service marks of Intuit Inc. or one of its subsidiaries. Other parties\' marks are the property of their respective owners. Terms, conditions, features, pricing, support and service are subject to change at anytime without notice. The views expressed on this blog are those of the bloggers, and not necessarily those of Intuit. Third-party blogger may have received compensation for their time and services. Click here to read full disclosure on third-party bloggers. This blog does not provide legal, financial, accounting or tax advice. The content on this blog is "as is" and carries no warranties. Intuit does not warrant or guarantee the accuracy, reliability, and completeness of the content on this blog. After 20 days, comments are closed on posts. Comments are subject to moderation. Comments that include profanity or abusive language will not be posted. Click here to read full Terms of Service . Professional Accounting Software QuickBooks Products for Accountants QuickBooks ProAdvisor Program QuickBooks Premier Accountant Edition Financial Statement Software QuickBooks Solutions for Your Clients Payroll Solutions After-the-Fact Payroll Service Payroll Direct Deposit Online Payroll Solution Payroll Outsourcing File Payroll Taxes ProSeries Tax Solutions Professional Tax Software Professional Tax Resources Tax Document Management E-File Resources More Tax Practice Management Tools Lacerte Tax Solutions Professional Tax Preparation Software Professional Tax Software Resources Tax Document Management Tax Analysis Software More Tax Practice Management Tools More Products & Solutions Intuit ProConnection Newsletter for Accounting & Tax Professionals Intuit Product Discounts Accept Credit Cards, Checks & More Intuit Product Resources for Educators Tax Professionals Wiki More Tax & Accounting Productivity Products More Tax & Accounting Services Additional Resources Community Support Training Resources QuickBooks Certification Tax & Accounting Software Training QuickBooks Accounting Software Training Lacerte Tax Software Training ProSeries Professional Tax Software Training Featured Products & Solutions Document Organizer Professional Online Tax Software Professional Tax Research Accounting Employment')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00250', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> To Order, Call Sales 888 236-9501 Community Order Status View Cart Your Shopping Cart View/Edit Cart Solutions for My Clients Practice Resources ProLine News Central Specials What\'s New in QuickBooks 2012 Intuit ProLine News Central Ways To Be More Productive Managing your Client s Electronic Filing With ProSeries Tax Software February 3rd 2012 by Julie Kozloski With electronic file e-File , it s the tax preparer s responsibility to make sure tax returns are accepted by the IRS and the state. Luckily, ProSeries makes it easy to manage the e-Filing status of your client s returns. For more info on how to manage your e-File and refund status in ProSeries, check out this video demo by Carolyn Brammer, an enrolled agent and an Intuit employee Using the e-Filing EF Center In ProSeries, the e-File status of returns is managed in the e-File EF Center, which is easily accessible from the HomeBase view. The EF Center consists of three tabs All tab Shows all client returns that are marked for e-File and their status e.g., Transmitted, Delayed, Rejected . Pending tab Shows all returns that are still in process. Accepted tab Shows which e-Filed returns are complete. Checking the e-Filing Status of Your Returns To simplify your workflow, ProSeries has many automated tools that will help you manage the e-Filing status of your returns Automatic Status Updates Each time you e-File a return, ProSeries automatically retrieves any new e-Filing status updates for previously e-Filed returns. E-File Status Scheduling ProSeries has incorporated Tax Scheduler, an automated tool that you can use to check for e-Filing status updates when ProSeries is not in use, such as in the middle of the night. To use this feature go to Tools > Options > Task Scheduler. E-File Status Reminders In ProSeries, you can create reminder features to prompt you to check for e-Filing status. To access this feature go to Tools > Options > Electronic Filing. Note You can also manually check the e-Filing status of your returns by going to e-File in your ProSeries menu. One-Click e-File Status Reporting Do you need a quick look at the e-filing status of all of your client s returns Simply press F12 on your keyboard or click e-File in your ProSeries menu to view a full e-Filing status report. E-filing Resources for ProSeries Find more help for e-Filing returns in ProSeries using these resources FAQs Choose Most common support questions from your tax software menu and click more to see more options. Ask ProSeries Go to Ask ProSeries to get help to FAQs. Search Use the search feature in your tax software to find helpful information. Online Check out the ProSeries e-Filing Atlas . Share and Enjoy About Julie Kozloski Julie Kozloski See all of Julie\'s articles When commenting, please be polite and use the site for your own personal, non-commercial use. For the full legalese of dos and don\'ts, see our Online Community Terms of Use. Thanks! No Comments No comments yet. RSS feed for comments on this post. Leave a comment You must be logged in to post a comment. Login and Register Login Register Search ProLine News Central Blog Search for Follow Us Topic List From The Experts Intuit News Ways To Grow Your Business Ways To Be More Productive New Product Information & Special Offers Industry News Newsletter Upcoming Events Get Updates The Way You Want Get news faster in the way you want it, sign up for any or all of the following Email Alerts, Newsletter, & RSS Upcoming Events February 2012 Mon Tue Wed Thu Fri Sat Sun 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 Contributors Follow us on Twitter RT @ProlineHelp New information about Indiana in 2011 #Lacerte - http //t.co/QEQKi8sD February 10, 2012 09 13 03 PM from web Reply Retweet Favorite Americans who earned $49,078 or less may be eligible for Earned Income Tax Credit. http //t.co/3wVrN29P #taxinfo February 10, 2012 09 10 11 PM from web Reply Retweet Favorite ProSeries customers not an authorized e-File Provider You must be if you file 10+ returns. Info at http //t.co/VL40ES0b #INTUefile February 10, 2012 07 55 03 PM from HootSuite Reply Retweet Favorite Lacerte customers not an authorized e-File Provider If filing 10+ returns U need 2B. Learn the steps. http //t.co/fCrAHiBw #INTUefile February 10, 2012 07 25 07 PM from HootSuite Reply Retweet Favorite RT @ProlineHelp Please Update your #Lacerte Software. Current version is 32.0209 and fixes a diagnostic error preventing some customers ... February 09, 2012 11 19 25 PM from HootSuite Reply Retweet Favorite @intuitproline Privacy Legal Contact Us About Intuit Intuit Labs Careers Site Feedback 2012 Intuit Inc. All rights reserved. Intuit, the Intuit logo, QuickBooks, ProSeries and Lacerte, among others, are registered trademarks and/or registered service marks of Intuit Inc. or one of its subsidiaries. Other parties\' marks are the property of their respective owners. Terms, conditions, features, pricing, support and service are subject to change at anytime without notice. The views expressed on this blog are those of the bloggers, and not necessarily those of Intuit. Third-party blogger may have received compensation for their time and services. Click here to read full disclosure on third-party bloggers. This blog does not provide legal, financial, accounting or tax advice. The content on this blog is "as is" and carries no warranties. Intuit does not warrant or guarantee the accuracy, reliability, and completeness of the content on this blog. After 20 days, comments are closed on posts. Comments are subject to moderation. Comments that include profanity or abusive language will not be posted. Click here to read full Terms of Service . Professional Accounting Software QuickBooks Products for Accountants QuickBooks ProAdvisor Program QuickBooks Premier Accountant Edition Financial Statement Software QuickBooks Solutions for Your Clients Payroll Solutions After-the-Fact Payroll Service Payroll Direct Deposit Online Payroll Solution Payroll Outsourcing File Payroll Taxes ProSeries Tax Solutions Professional Tax Software Professional Tax Resources Tax Document Management E-File Resources More Tax Practice Management Tools Lacerte Tax Solutions Professional Tax Preparation Software Professional Tax Software Resources Tax Document Management Tax Analysis Software More Tax Practice Management Tools More Products & Solutions Intuit ProConnection Newsletter for Accounting & Tax Professionals Intuit Product Discounts Accept Credit Cards, Checks & More Intuit Product Resources for Educators Tax Professionals Wiki More Tax & Accounting Productivity Products More Tax & Accounting Services Additional Resources Community Support Training Resources QuickBooks Certification Tax & Accounting Software Training QuickBooks Accounting Software Training Lacerte Tax Software Training ProSeries Professional Tax Software Training Featured Products & Solutions Document Organizer Professional Online Tax Software Professional Tax Research Accounting Employment')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00251', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> To Order, Call Sales 888 236-9501 Community Order Status View Cart Your Shopping Cart View/Edit Cart Solutions for My Clients Practice Resources ProLine News Central Specials What\'s New in QuickBooks 2012 Intuit ProLine News Central Ways To Be More Productive Save Dialing Time by Using Search/Ask February 2nd 2012 by Intuit Staff It s tax season, and that means your time is at a premium. Sometimes, the last thing a tax preparer wants to do is spend time on the phone getting answers to complicated questions, especially if the answers are available at the click of a mouse. Welcome to Ask Lacerte and Ask ProSeries , two search/self-service pages that feature one-click access to many of the most popular questions we get on our phone support calls or through online searches. The beauty of Ask Lacerte and Ask ProSeries is that we ve anticipated your questions, and as a result, we provide the answers you need right now. Here are our TOP calls we receive; Search/Ask could save you a lot of time in finding the answers to these questions Forms Availability/Release Dates questions when will forms be final available to e-File ; do you expect these to be diminished in frequency this year I would like to check double check the status of my return. Help me update the status of the return. e-File How-Do-I questions how to e-File, e-File state only and e-File corporate extensions Of course, each preparer has his or her own particular needs. As always, phone support is available to answer questions. However, when time is short and you must have an answer right now, check out Ask Lacerte and Ask ProSeries . It s quite likely you can get your questions answered within a matter of moments. Share and Enjoy About Intuit Staff Intuit Staff This article was contributed by Intuit staff. For more information on Intuit, QuickBooks, or any related software or service, please visit http //accountant.intuit.com. We also welcome story ideas. Please submit them to proline@intuit.com. See all of Intuit\'s articles When commenting, please be polite and use the site for your own personal, non-commercial use. For the full legalese of dos and don\'ts, see our Online Community Terms of Use. Thanks! No Comments No comments yet. RSS feed for comments on this post. Leave a comment You must be logged in to post a comment. Login and Register Login Register Search ProLine News Central Blog Search for Follow Us Topic List From The Experts Intuit News Ways To Grow Your Business Ways To Be More Productive New Product Information & Special Offers Industry News Newsletter Upcoming Events Get Updates The Way You Want Get news faster in the way you want it, sign up for any or all of the following Email Alerts, Newsletter, & RSS Upcoming Events February 2012 Mon Tue Wed Thu Fri Sat Sun 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 Contributors Follow us on Twitter RT @ProlineHelp New information about Indiana in 2011 #Lacerte - http //t.co/QEQKi8sD February 10, 2012 09 13 03 PM from web Reply Retweet Favorite Americans who earned $49,078 or less may be eligible for Earned Income Tax Credit. http //t.co/3wVrN29P #taxinfo February 10, 2012 09 10 11 PM from web Reply Retweet Favorite ProSeries customers not an authorized e-File Provider You must be if you file 10+ returns. Info at http //t.co/VL40ES0b #INTUefile February 10, 2012 07 55 03 PM from HootSuite Reply Retweet Favorite Lacerte customers not an authorized e-File Provider If filing 10+ returns U need 2B. Learn the steps. http //t.co/fCrAHiBw #INTUefile February 10, 2012 07 25 07 PM from HootSuite Reply Retweet Favorite RT @ProlineHelp Please Update your #Lacerte Software. Current version is 32.0209 and fixes a diagnostic error preventing some customers ... February 09, 2012 11 19 25 PM from HootSuite Reply Retweet Favorite @intuitproline Privacy Legal Contact Us About Intuit Intuit Labs Careers Site Feedback 2012 Intuit Inc. All rights reserved. Intuit, the Intuit logo, QuickBooks, ProSeries and Lacerte, among others, are registered trademarks and/or registered service marks of Intuit Inc. or one of its subsidiaries. Other parties\' marks are the property of their respective owners. Terms, conditions, features, pricing, support and service are subject to change at anytime without notice. The views expressed on this blog are those of the bloggers, and not necessarily those of Intuit. Third-party blogger may have received compensation for their time and services. Click here to read full disclosure on third-party bloggers. This blog does not provide legal, financial, accounting or tax advice. The content on this blog is "as is" and carries no warranties. Intuit does not warrant or guarantee the accuracy, reliability, and completeness of the content on this blog. After 20 days, comments are closed on posts. Comments are subject to moderation. Comments that include profanity or abusive language will not be posted. Click here to read full Terms of Service . Professional Accounting Software QuickBooks Products for Accountants QuickBooks ProAdvisor Program QuickBooks Premier Accountant Edition Financial Statement Software QuickBooks Solutions for Your Clients Payroll Solutions After-the-Fact Payroll Service Payroll Direct Deposit Online Payroll Solution Payroll Outsourcing File Payroll Taxes ProSeries Tax Solutions Professional Tax Software Professional Tax Resources Tax Document Management E-File Resources More Tax Practice Management Tools Lacerte Tax Solutions Professional Tax Preparation Software Professional Tax Software Resources Tax Document Management Tax Analysis Software More Tax Practice Management Tools More Products & Solutions Intuit ProConnection Newsletter for Accounting & Tax Professionals Intuit Product Discounts Accept Credit Cards, Checks & More Intuit Product Resources for Educators Tax Professionals Wiki More Tax & Accounting Productivity Products More Tax & Accounting Services Additional Resources Community Support Training Resources QuickBooks Certification Tax & Accounting Software Training QuickBooks Accounting Software Training Lacerte Tax Software Training ProSeries Professional Tax Software Training Featured Products & Solutions Document Organizer Professional Online Tax Software Professional Tax Research Accounting Employment')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00252', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> To Order, Call Sales 888 236-9501 Community Order Status View Cart Your Shopping Cart View/Edit Cart Solutions for My Clients Practice Resources ProLine News Central Specials What\'s New in QuickBooks 2012 Intuit ProLine News Central Ways To Be More Productive Work Smarter with Lacerte s SmartMap + Trial Balance Utility February 2nd 2012 by Mindy King The 2011 Lacerte tax software now includes the Trial Balance Utility , a time-saving feature that will enable you to work smarter, not harder. With this feature, you can execute your most important trial balance work from within your Lacerte tax software. Develop a chart of accounts, adjust journal entries, manage tax line assignments and import client trial balance information directly from Quickbooks , Microsoft Excel or EasyACCT these are just a few of the things you can now do with your 2011 Lacerte tax software. And, any work you create in Trial Balance stays with that client and carries over from year to year. Click below to watch a short demo by Bryce Forney, CPA, on how you can use this Lacerte feature to save time and improve efficiency while preparing tax returns. The steps are also summarized below. Step 1 Go to the Trial Balance Utility tab within Lacerte and import your client s trial balance information from QuickBooks, Excel or EasyACCT. Step 2 Adjust journal entries, review the data and make any adjustments as needed. Step 3 Click on the SmartMap tool; the trial balance information will be mapped to the appropriate fields. It s easy to map any remaining data yourself. Mapping carries over from year to year. Step 4 When you re ready, simply click Post to Return it s that easy! Lacerte Trial Balance is included in Lacerte 2011 for no additional charge for all Lacerte 2011 customers. Share and Enjoy About Mindy King Mindy King I am a creative marketing professional with extensive online/offline, client/agency experience. I am currently employed at Intuit as a Content Marketing Manager in the Accounting Professionals Division. See all of Mindy\'s articles You can also visit Mindy\'s Website When commenting, please be polite and use the site for your own personal, non-commercial use. For the full legalese of dos and don\'ts, see our Online Community Terms of Use. Thanks! No Comments No comments yet. RSS feed for comments on this post. Leave a comment You must be logged in to post a comment. Login and Register Login Register Search ProLine News Central Blog Search for Follow Us Topic List From The Experts Intuit News Ways To Grow Your Business Ways To Be More Productive New Product Information & Special Offers Industry News Newsletter Upcoming Events Get Updates The Way You Want Get news faster in the way you want it, sign up for any or all of the following Email Alerts, Newsletter, & RSS Upcoming Events February 2012 Mon Tue Wed Thu Fri Sat Sun 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 Contributors Follow us on Twitter RT @ProlineHelp New information about Indiana in 2011 #Lacerte - http //t.co/QEQKi8sD February 10, 2012 09 13 03 PM from web Reply Retweet Favorite Americans who earned $49,078 or less may be eligible for Earned Income Tax Credit. http //t.co/3wVrN29P #taxinfo February 10, 2012 09 10 11 PM from web Reply Retweet Favorite ProSeries customers not an authorized e-File Provider You must be if you file 10+ returns. Info at http //t.co/VL40ES0b #INTUefile February 10, 2012 07 55 03 PM from HootSuite Reply Retweet Favorite Lacerte customers not an authorized e-File Provider If filing 10+ returns U need 2B. Learn the steps. http //t.co/fCrAHiBw #INTUefile February 10, 2012 07 25 07 PM from HootSuite Reply Retweet Favorite RT @ProlineHelp Please Update your #Lacerte Software. Current version is 32.0209 and fixes a diagnostic error preventing some customers ... February 09, 2012 11 19 25 PM from HootSuite Reply Retweet Favorite @intuitproline Privacy Legal Contact Us About Intuit Intuit Labs Careers Site Feedback 2012 Intuit Inc. All rights reserved. Intuit, the Intuit logo, QuickBooks, ProSeries and Lacerte, among others, are registered trademarks and/or registered service marks of Intuit Inc. or one of its subsidiaries. Other parties\' marks are the property of their respective owners. Terms, conditions, features, pricing, support and service are subject to change at anytime without notice. The views expressed on this blog are those of the bloggers, and not necessarily those of Intuit. Third-party blogger may have received compensation for their time and services. Click here to read full disclosure on third-party bloggers. This blog does not provide legal, financial, accounting or tax advice. The content on this blog is "as is" and carries no warranties. Intuit does not warrant or guarantee the accuracy, reliability, and completeness of the content on this blog. After 20 days, comments are closed on posts. Comments are subject to moderation. Comments that include profanity or abusive language will not be posted. Click here to read full Terms of Service . Professional Accounting Software QuickBooks Products for Accountants QuickBooks ProAdvisor Program QuickBooks Premier Accountant Edition Financial Statement Software QuickBooks Solutions for Your Clients Payroll Solutions After-the-Fact Payroll Service Payroll Direct Deposit Online Payroll Solution Payroll Outsourcing File Payroll Taxes ProSeries Tax Solutions Professional Tax Software Professional Tax Resources Tax Document Management E-File Resources More Tax Practice Management Tools Lacerte Tax Solutions Professional Tax Preparation Software Professional Tax Software Resources Tax Document Management Tax Analysis Software More Tax Practice Management Tools More Products & Solutions Intuit ProConnection Newsletter for Accounting & Tax Professionals Intuit Product Discounts Accept Credit Cards, Checks & More Intuit Product Resources for Educators Tax Professionals Wiki More Tax & Accounting Productivity Products More Tax & Accounting Services Additional Resources Community Support Training Resources QuickBooks Certification Tax & Accounting Software Training QuickBooks Accounting Software Training Lacerte Tax Software Training ProSeries Professional Tax Software Training Featured Products & Solutions Document Organizer Professional Online Tax Software Professional Tax Research Accounting Employment')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00255', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns og "http //opengraphprotocol.org/schema/"> Woot One Day, One Deal Log in Hi, are you new Start here . Welcome My account | Log out Log in Hi are you new Start here . Today\'s Woot Blog Community Derby Reckoning Shirt.woot launches a new original t-shirt design every midnight central . After that spotlight, the shirt enters The Reckoning, our top 20 best selling shirts. Family Portrait $ 12.00 + free shipping standard -or- + $5 to get it overnight Tuesday -or- + $5 international shipping Condition Filled with craters Product 1 Navy Woot Tee permalink Size WS, WM, WL, WXL, S, M, L, XL, 2X, 3X, K4, K6, K8, K10, K12 Share 276 27 11 I Want One! Today\'s Woot Creator wirdou The principal component of the Solar System is the wirdou, a main-sequence G2 star that contains 99.86 percent of the system s known mass and dominates it gravitationally. Hometown Madrid, Spain 118 Comments Join This Discussion close Smile for the camera 1st place in Derby #237 Fish Out of Water , with 932 votes! Okay, no funny faces, guys. Yes, I m talking to you, Mars. I know you like being the center of attention and everything, but this isn t all about you today. This is about family. Speaking of which, I don t mean to make you feel awkward, but Pluto, could you step out of the frame Thanks. Okay, Jupiter, you need to move to the back. You re blocking your brothers and sisters. And Saturn, please show some modesty and pull up your ring a little bit, okay I mean, we re going to show this to your grandmother after all. Uranus, that s gross. C mon. Turn around and pull your pants up, RIGHT NOW . And Neptune, stop laughing! It only encourages him! Pluto. Please step out of the frame. I don t want to have to ask you again VENUS ! GET DOWN HERE ! IT SHOULDN T TAKE 40 FRIGGIN MINUTES TO PUT ON MAKEUP FOR A FAMILY PHOTO ! HURRY UP! YOUR LITTLE BROTHER MERCURY IS ABOUT TO HAVE ONE OF HIS MOOD SWINGS AGAIN ! Ah, there you are, dear. Looking beautiful as always! Alright, now everyone stand still. I said still, Earth! Oh really, you re covered with life And it s constantly in motion I had no idea. It s not like you talk about it EVERY SINGLE DAY ! But seriously, don t you have the Downton Abbey season finale or something you could throw on to distract people for a minute Thanks! Alright, now everyone say cheese on three. One, Two Oh guys, stop! You don t want me in the picture! Really You do Oh, that is just too sweet! I guess I could set a timer or, wait! Pluto, you re not doing anything Wear this shirt to show coach that you belong in the rotation! Don t wear this shirt to the planetarium. They have no sense of humor about this sort of thing. This shirt tells the world I may be mercurial, but I always manage to pull myself together. We call this color Navy IN SSSSSPPPPPAAAACCCCCEEEEE Design Placement Centered Design Size 3X S 12 x 9.66 WXL - K4 9 x 7.25 Pantone Color s White - Process Yellow C - 1235C - 717C - 5483C - 429C Please check our sizing chart before you order. The Woot Tee follows a classic closer-fitting style. If you prefer a baggier look, order a larger size. If there is not a larger size, consider starting a belly-hanging-out trend. Advertisement Discussion on Today\'s Woot thumperchick discriminates, "Ahh, Pluto, the ginger of our solar system." loaba exclaims, "Can we just reinstate Pluto already " iamjakex offers, "I imagine this is how this years Mayan Calendar will look like, when it ends and all the planets \'align\'" seahokedrama wonders, "At that distance from the sun why does the earth still have water " mattryan admits, "It has seriously been ages since something made me laugh out loud hard. This shirt broke that streak." dethl explains why New Mexico is diggin\' this shirt. emehew posts, "It would be impossible to use relative sizes. The small planets would be pinpoints and the large ones wouldn\'t fit! Get real, suspend disbelief." cmillard1 appreciates the detail on Earth but feels that some of the others don\'t really look like the intended planet. jbhswim states, "I love the expressions of the family. im sure it\'ll get a chuckle when you wear it." FishyFred grumbles about planet sizes. w00tgurl posts, "how cute. scooch on in, Pluto. you\'re still family!" Join This Discussion 118 comments Sale Stats Snapshot Full Stats Speed to First Woot 0m 55.840s First Sucker agentsquishy Quantity Breakdown 92% bought 1 92% 7% bought 2 7% 1% bought 3 1% Full Stats Advertisement Back to top The Reckoning our top 20 bestsellers Buy shirts. Watch the drama. See all available shirts! Home Kids Woot Sellout Wine Derby is now open Derby #238 Kitties! Think you can design a better shirt than the one up there Enter our weekly shirt-off and let the community judge. Be warned they re a harsh judge indeed. Shirt.Woot Blog RSS Feed Today Reckoning Reminder 2/10/2012 72 comments Feb 09 Derby #238 Kitties! 223 comments Feb 09 Introducing Your Contenders for Derby #237 Fish Out of Water 3 comments Feb 07 Reckoning Recon 2/7/2012 72 comments Feb 06 Derby #236 Watercolors Honorable Mentions 12 comments See All Advertisement Mumbo Jumbo Shirt.Woot is operated by Woot Services LLC. Products on Shirt.Woot are sold by Woot, Inc. Product narratives are for entertainment purposes and frequently employ literary point of view ; the narratives do not express Woot\'s editorial opinion. Aside from literary abuse, your use of this site also subjects you to Woot\'s terms of use and privacy policy . Woot may designate a user comment as a Quality Post, but that doesn\'t mean we agree with or guarantee anything said or linked to in that post. Woot logos, site design, & content Woot, Inc. 2004-2012. All Rights Reserved. Shirt.Woot Today\'s Shirt Woot Blog Community Derby Reckoning Artist Resources Design & Production FAQ Submit a Derby Entry Submit a Daily Entry Community Woot Shirts World of Shirt.Woot Derbies Everything But Woot What is Shirt.Woot Shirt.Woot FAQ Write Us Be a Woot Advertiser Work for Woot Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00258', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns og "http //opengraphprotocol.org/schema/"> Woot One Day, One Deal Log in Hi, are you new Start here . Welcome My account | Log out Log in Hi are you new Start here . Today\'s Woot Blog Community Derby Reckoning Shirt.woot launches a new original t-shirt design every midnight central . After that spotlight, the shirt enters The Reckoning, our top 20 best selling shirts. the derby Derby #237 Fish Out of Water Ew and it eats snakes close + / in the fog Ew and it eats snakes by ramyb February 3, 2012 at 5 05 PM I\'d want one Take it back Share Facebook Twitter email Ew and it eats snakes Comments + add a comment 2/3/2012 5 06 PM permalink ramyb Quality Posts 17 send message Re Ew and it eats snakes How disgusting! But honey badger don\'t care. Decided to work on this a little longer- it was mentioned that it looked a bit rushed, hopefully I remedied that issue Reply Tattle 2/3/2012 5 11 PM permalink jsee1218 Quality Posts 0 send message Re Ew and it eats snakes love it!!! I especially like the silhouette of hogwarts in the background! GMV Reply Tattle 2/3/2012 5 30 PM permalink aleafloor Quality Posts 0 send message Re Ew and it eats snakes ^_^ This version does look so much more you! Reply Tattle 2/3/2012 5 30 PM permalink mrwednesday Quality Posts 12 send message Re Ew and it eats snakes What does this have to do with the topic Reply Tattle 2/3/2012 5 33 PM permalink ramyb Quality Posts 17 send message mrwednesday wrote What does this have to do with the topic Honey badger doesn\'t belong at Hogwarts, and shouldn\'t be eating the other mascots. Honey badger isn\'t like the other animals. But honey badger don\'t care! Reply Tattle 2/3/2012 6 23 PM permalink ochopika Quality Posts 4 send message Re Ew and it eats snakes That\'s just silly... I mean in a good way, of course. Some of your designs recently have a different line quality about them, as though they\'re hand drawn rather than vector-drawn. Have you been doing something different or is it my imagination edit on second thought, your other designs don\'t look vector-ish... I dunno but something looks different... Reply Tattle 2/3/2012 11 19 PM permalink unsweetener Quality Posts 0 send message Re Ew and it eats snakes This is entertaining. But the bird should be an eagle! Reply Tattle 2/3/2012 11 26 PM permalink unsweetener Quality Posts 0 send message unsweetener wrote This is entertaining. But the bird should be an eagle! Well, I guess it could be one, actually. Reply Tattle 2/4/2012 2 49 AM permalink TobiasAmaranth Quality Posts 2 send message Re Ew and it eats snakes Too many colors... It\'s really hard to tell here which is a color and which is halftones, which also makes me question the fineness of the halftones for display purposes. AdderXYU wrote Fire is not green. Bio-luminescence could be, but fire is not. fablefire wrote How To Make Green Fire AdderXYU wrote The foxes don\'t look like there is fire involved in them. [...] It is not fire any more than I\'m the king of Spain. Reply Tattle 2/4/2012 3 08 AM permalink ramyb Quality Posts 17 send message TobiasAmaranth wrote Too many colors... It\'s really hard to tell here which is a color and which is halftones, which also makes me question the fineness of the halftones for display purposes. All the halftones are one standard size I display it in the detail closeup in the top corner- halftones are used for shading on the badger and scarves, lion\'s mane, and the snake\'s body. I have used this technique on many of my designs in the past, the nice thing about it is that it prints in a way that it is almost indistinguishable from simply using extra colors. It works really well because the halftones are of of a consistent size rather than being set up as a gradient, which makes it much cleaner for printing since they don\'t fade out to an infinitely small size but rather are uniform Reply Tattle 2/4/2012 10 29 AM permalink meltedpopsicles Quality Posts 0 send message Re Ew and it eats snakes hahaha, I love this. Reply Tattle 2/4/2012 3 34 PM permalink ochopika Quality Posts 4 send message ramyb wrote All the halftones are one standard size I display it in the detail closeup in the top corner- halftones are used for shading on the badger and scarves, lion\'s mane, and the snake\'s body. I have used this technique on many of my designs in the past, the nice thing about it is that it prints in a way that it is almost indistinguishable from simply using extra colors. It works really well because the halftones are of of a consistent size rather than being set up as a gradient, which makes it much cleaner for printing since they don\'t fade out to an infinitely small size but rather are uniform o... maybe that\'s why it looks different, or I am crazy. Either way, that sounds like a good way to halftone, I\'ll have to look up how to do it since I am photoshop newb. Reply Tattle 2/4/2012 5 54 PM permalink TobiasAmaranth Quality Posts 2 send message ramyb wrote All the halftones are one standard size I display it in the detail closeup in the top corner- halftones are used for shading on the badger and scarves, lion\'s mane, and the snake\'s body. I have used this technique on many of my designs in the past, the nice thing about it is that it prints in a way that it is almost indistinguishable from simply using extra colors. It works really well because the halftones are of of a consistent size rather than being set up as a gradient, which makes it much cleaner for printing since they don\'t fade out to an infinitely small size but rather are uniform Hmm, interesting sounding. I would be interested in seeing some close-ups of the various multi-colored areas. I\'ve been trying to watch the various ways halftoning has been done around here lately, and this method makes for a strong difference for the shrunken preview image in a way that makes it more impressive than some forms of halftone shrinking. Do you apply them at any particular or varied angle And do you use the same angle for different patches of the same color or different angles for different colors, etc curious AdderXYU wrote Fire is not green. Bio-luminescence could be, but fire is not. fablefire wrote How To Make Green Fire AdderXYU wrote The foxes don\'t look like there is fire involved in them. [...] It is not fire any more than I\'m the king of Spain. Reply Tattle 2/4/2012 7 26 PM permalink kylemittskus Quality Posts 144 send message Re Ew and it eats snakes This shirt has no connection to the topic at all. A badger is one of the four mascots of the Hogwarts houses. The fact that it\'s eating the snake is weird -- it makes no sense at all -- but that doesn\'t put it on topic. "If drinking is bitter, change yourself to wine." -Rainer Maria Rilke "Champagne is a very kind and friendly thing on a rainy night." -Isak Dinesen "There are many ways to the recognition of truth; Burgundy is one of them." -Isak Dinesen Reply Tattle 2/4/2012 9 10 PM permalink ramyb Quality Posts 17 send message TobiasAmaranth wrote Hmm, interesting sounding. I would be interested in seeing some close-ups of the various multi-colored areas. I\'ve been trying to watch the various ways halftoning has been done around here lately, and this method makes for a strong difference for the shrunken preview image in a way that makes it more impressive than some forms of halftone shrinking. Do you apply them at any particular or varied angle And do you use the same angle for different patches of the same color or different angles for different colors, etc curious I always apply them at the same angle 67.5 degrees - for backgrounds and solid colored areas I use a round halftone, and for shading I use a line halftone. I find that keeping it uniform makes things look a lot cleaner in general. Here are some closeups so you can see how it works The nice thing about it is that, when printed, it doesn\'t look like dots or lines but sort of "blends" to some degree with the color underneath to create a really convincing shading effect where the halftone is almost imperceptible edit - I went back through the show us your woot thread to see if there were any photos from other times I used this technique. The best example I could find there was from my school design , where I used this to shade all the turtle shells- the colors are a little bright from the flash in this photo, but you can clearly see how the shading comes out really smooth looking, as though another color were used. Line halftones especially, when properly placed, can really play tricks on your eyes and create great shading effects without getting excessively small. Reply Tattle 2/4/2012 11 50 PM permalink ochopika Quality Posts 4 send message Thanks for the explanation, super helpful! Reply Tattle 2/5/2012 12 17 AM permalink ramyb Quality Posts 17 send message ochopika wrote Thanks for the explanation, super helpful! NP- when I first started, I had no idea what halftones even were. In one of my earlier designs , I actually drew in diamonds by hand to create a halftone-like effect because I had no idea how people were creating them. One of the artists on the site at the time graciously explained to me how to do it after that point, so I\'m glad to be able to help people with it now that I\'ve been doing it for more than 3 years and have a lot more practice Reply Tattle 2/5/2012 12 17 AM permalink TobiasAmaranth Quality Posts 2 send message ramyb wrote I always apply them at the same angle 67.5 degrees - for backgrounds and solid colored areas I use a round halftone, and for shading I use a line halftone. I find that keeping it uniform makes things look a lot cleaner in general. [etc] Thank you very much actually for taking the time to type up a reply. I actually notice in the school one you use the varied-size halftoning for the background, which is what I\'ve been used to seeing until recently. That\'s why I was curious about this particular technique. And yeah, even printed like that, the back-shading for the turtles does look like a completely separate color in that photo. Neat. AdderXYU wrote Fire is not green. Bio-luminescence could be, but fire is not. fablefire wrote How To Make Green Fire AdderXYU wrote The foxes don\'t look like there is fire involved in them. [...] It is not fire any more than I\'m the king of Spain. Reply Tattle 2/5/2012 1 03 AM permalink Mekora Quality Posts 0 send message kylemittskus wrote This shirt has no connection to the topic at all. A badger is one of the four mascots of the Hogwarts houses. The fact that it\'s eating the snake is weird -- it makes no sense at all -- but that doesn\'t put it on topic. Sure it does! The badger hufflepuff which is usually known for their gentle/good-natured side is killing the snake slytherin It also references to Honey badgers which is just awesome! Reply Tattle 2/5/2012 3 03 AM permalink leevijeans Quality Posts 1 send message kylemittskus wrote This shirt has no connection to the topic at all. A badger is one of the four mascots of the Hogwarts houses. The fact that it\'s eating the snake is weird -- it makes no sense at all -- but that doesn\'t put it on topic. its connection to the theme is the actual animal, the honey badger an aggressive animal that eats other predators like venomous snakes unlike other animals that just hunt things that don\'t bite back. i\'m assuming the hogwarts theme was just added to give it more entertainment value since both the badger and snake happen to be hogwarts mascots. Reply Tattle 2/5/2012 9 35 AM permalink firefrogh Quality Posts 0 send message Re Ew and it eats snakes Thank you very much for the information on how you do your halftones. For me, it has been one of the hardest things to learn how to make look good at all. If you don\'t mind, in this entry what is the LPI on the shading Thanks again, Firefrogh Reply Tattle 2/5/2012 12 44 PM permalink kylemittskus Quality Posts 144 send message Mekora wrote Sure it does! The badger hufflepuff which is usually known for their gentle/good-natured side is killing the snake slytherin It also references to Honey badgers which is just awesome! Something that you like doesn\'t make this on topic. As to your first argument, that\'s not "Fish Out of Water" or something that doesn\'t belong. It\'s something acting outside of its normal. Not the same thing. And we have no way of knowing that this is the honey badger don\'t care meme since it\'s a Harry Potter reference. And let\'s say that it is that meme; it makes even less sense. leevijeans wrote its connection to the theme is the actual animal, the honey badger an aggressive animal that eats other predators like venomous snakes unlike other animals that just hunt things that don\'t bite back. i\'m assuming the hogwarts theme was just added to give it more entertainment value since both the badger and snake happen to be hogwarts mascots. The shirt is a Harry Potter shirt, so all four of them belong. Not one of them is the fish out of water. The Harry Potter theme is the shirt, it\'s not just an added afterthought. I have no idea what the first thing you\'re trying to say means. The badger is the fish out of water because it eats other animals Lions don\'t Snakes don\'t Or the badger eats things that bite back so it\'s different What the hell are you talking about ! "If drinking is bitter, change yourself to wine." -Rainer Maria Rilke "Champagne is a very kind and friendly thing on a rainy night." -Isak Dinesen "There are many ways to the recognition of truth; Burgundy is one of them." -Isak Dinesen Reply Tattle 2/5/2012 1 16 PM permalink meltedpopsicles Quality Posts 0 send message Re Ew and it eats snakes I\'m not sure what everyone is complaining about. It makes complete sense. The hufflepuff which is a badger, is eating what most people think would be gross. So yeah, lions eat other animals as well as snakes. Its just unusual and awkward that it is eating another hogwarts crest...which I think is awkward. Your argument of saying this shirt doesn\'t make sense is not valid. I think this shirt is clever and I think the artist put a lot of work into it. If you don\'t like it, then don\'t vote for it. Don\'t waste everyone\'s time by writing a lengthy comment about how this shirt doesn\'t make sense. Reply Tattle 2/5/2012 3 49 PM permalink roxymadelyn Quality Posts 0 send message Re Ew and it eats snakes why so mean to the snake no me gusta Reply Tattle 2/5/2012 3 57 PM permalink roxymadelyn Quality Posts 0 send message meltedpopsicles wrote I\'m not sure what everyone is complaining about. It makes complete sense. The hufflepuff which is a badger, is eating what most people think would be gross. So yeah, lions eat other animals as well as snakes. Its just unusual and awkward that it is eating another hogwarts crest...which I think is awkward. Your argument of saying this shirt doesn\'t make sense is not valid. I think this shirt is clever and I think the artist put a lot of work into it. If you don\'t like it, then don\'t vote for it. Don\'t waste everyone\'s time by writing a lengthy comment about how this shirt doesn\'t make sense. It\'s really cute, but i wish there\'s one where Slytherin overpowers the other houses too, just to make it fair. Reply Tattle 2/5/2012 6 49 PM permalink DianaSprinkle Quality Posts 80 send message kylemittskus wrote The shirt is a Harry Potter shirt, so all four of them belong. Not one of them is the fish out of water. The Harry Potter theme is the shirt, it\'s not just an added afterthought. I have no idea what the first thing you\'re trying to say means. The badger is the fish out of water because it eats other animals Lions don\'t Snakes don\'t Or the badger eats things that bite back so it\'s different What the hell are you talking about ! Badgers and honey badger are actually different species and look different. They aren\'t the same animal at all. The fact that this is a Harry Potter shirt makes it more on topic for me. The honey badge isn\'t a badger and also isn\'t acting like all of the other mascots, which seem to be acting like students. It\'s not the strongest of fish out of water themed shirts but I think it fits. Reply Tattle 2/6/2012 12 11 AM permalink bassanimation Quality Posts 82 send message DianaSprinkle wrote Badgers and honey badger are actually different species and look different. They aren\'t the same animal at all. Correct. But Honey Badger dont give a beep ! It\'s gonna be whatever it wants! Honey Badger makes an awesome appearance in The Gods Must Be Crazy 2 , one of my favorite movies of all time. ^_^ Reply Tattle 2/6/2012 8 41 AM permalink tjschaeffer Quality Posts 0 send message ramyb wrote I always apply them at the same angle 67.5 degrees - for backgrounds and solid colored areas I use a round halftone, and for shading I use a line halftone. I find that keeping it uniform makes things look a lot cleaner in general. Here are some closeups so you can see how it works snip Line halftones especially, when properly placed, can really play tricks on your eyes and create great shading effects without getting excessively small. I just also want to say thanks for posting this! I used to work a bit with photoshop a long time ago, but never knew about halftones. You do some really great work, so it\'s nice to get an idea of how the pros do it! Reply Tattle 2/6/2012 5 36 PM permalink nightair Quality Posts 0 send message Re Ew and it eats snakes this shirt is amazing. will buy. 3 Reply Tattle 2/6/2012 7 20 PM permalink deikobol Quality Posts 0 send message Re Ew and it eats snakes I love this shirt. I would point out how it\'s not at all off-topic, but several others have already made enough points. This is the first shirt in a while I\'ve been dying to have. Good luck! Reply Tattle 2/6/2012 8 30 PM permalink dmaz Quality Posts 5 send message Re Ew and it eats snakes Well played! Absolutely love the double-joke, of sorts, here. Really enjoying this weeks entries, overall! Best of luck! Reply Tattle 2/7/2012 12 12 AM permalink missmelis Quality Posts 20 send message DianaSprinkle wrote Badgers and honey badger are actually different species and look different. They aren\'t the same animal at all. Thanks for clarifying that, Diana. The other day when I first saw this, I almost commented that it was not very on topic, because I thought it was a regular badger which wouldn\'t be out of place at Hogwarts, duh! . Then I saw ramy\'s first comment about the honey badger and it all made sense... Honey badger definitely don\'t fit in at Hogwarts, but HONEY BADGER DON\'T CARE! The goodness of the true pun is in the direct ratio of its intolerability. - Edgar Allan Poe Reply Tattle 2/7/2012 12 23 AM permalink bassanimation Quality Posts 82 send message ramyb wrote I always apply them at the same angle 67.5 degrees - for backgrounds and solid colored areas I use a round halftone, and for shading I use a line halftone. I find that keeping it uniform makes things look a lot cleaner in general. Here are some closeups so you can see how it works The nice thing about it is that, when printed, it doesn\'t look like dots or lines but sort of "blends" to some degree with the color underneath to create a really convincing shading effect where the halftone is almost imperceptible edit - I went back through the show us your woot thread to see if there were any photos from other times I used this technique. The best example I could find there was from my school design , where I used this to shade all the turtle shells- the colors are a little bright from the flash in this photo, but you can clearly see how the shading comes out really smooth looking, as though another color were used. Line halftones especially, when properly placed, can really play tricks on your eyes and create great shading effects without getting excessively small. Dude, thanks for explaining some tone stuff for us. I\'ve found that no matter what I do I can\'t get my halftones to look nice. This is extremely helpful. Reply Tattle 2/7/2012 1 34 PM permalink crazydoglady Quality Posts 4 send message kylemittskus wrote The shirt is a Harry Potter shirt, so all four of them belong. Not one of them is the fish out of water. The Harry Potter theme is the shirt, it\'s not just an added afterthought. I have no idea what the first thing you\'re trying to say means. The badger is the fish out of water because it eats other animals Lions don\'t Snakes don\'t Or the badger eats things that bite back so it\'s different What the hell are you talking about ! I\'m not even a big Harry Potter fan and I know this isn\'t a Harry Potter shirt - it\'s a double-theme shirt with Harry Potter mascots AND Honey Badger look up the mascots, the Hufflepuff mascot is an English badger with stripes on its face/head, the shirt design is a honey badger . It\'s a "clever" design as opposed to obvious and cute, I\'m sorry you don\'t get it. Reply Tattle 2/7/2012 3 29 PM permalink michaelescott Quality Posts 0 send message Really like this, its phatasmic, and I\'m not even all that into harry potter Reply Tattle 2/7/2012 3 36 PM permalink kakow Quality Posts 0 send message Re Ew and it eats snakes It makes me sad that there are at least seven creative, original ideas on the bottom barrel of this derby, yet the same tired "cute" garbage from ramyb is in the top, just like every time. They really need to instate some kind of "win ____ times in x amount of time and you\'re not able to re-enter for ____ days" rule. Reply Tattle 2/7/2012 5 36 PM permalink kylemittskus Quality Posts 144 send message DianaSprinkle wrote The fact that this is a Harry Potter shirt makes it more on topic for me. The honey badge isn\'t a badger and also isn\'t acting like all of the other mascots, which seem to be acting like students. It\'s not the strongest of fish out of water themed shirts but I think it fits. This is the only counterargument to mine that is at all logical. And I retract my off-topic post. If it is indeed identifiable as a honey badger, then it is on topic. Thanks for clarifying the differences. I still think the shirt is BS, but it is on-theme. "If drinking is bitter, change yourself to wine." -Rainer Maria Rilke "Champagne is a very kind and friendly thing on a rainy night." -Isak Dinesen "There are many ways to the recognition of truth; Burgundy is one of them." -Isak Dinesen Reply Tattle 2/7/2012 6 19 PM permalink ramyb Quality Posts 17 send message kakow wrote It makes me sad that there are at least seven creative, original ideas on the bottom barrel of this derby, yet the same tired "cute" garbage from ramyb is in the top, just like every time. They really need to instate some kind of "win ____ times in x amount of time and you\'re not able to re-enter for ____ days" rule. First of all, interesting that you\'d define this as "cute," but ok fine I won\'t argue that point. But the "just like every time" is what gets me. I have had one other design that could possibly be defined as "cutesy" since the start of this year, which ended in 16th place. So far this year, I\'ve had two designs that printed, one of which was a watercolor tree and the other an abstract representation of inspiration the mind. Perhaps you check the derby an average of once every few months and have just gotten unlucky, but I have been working hard to have a great deal of variety in my designs recently, both in content and style. And don\'t worry, spoiler alert! this design is not going to print anyway so you can breathe a little easier. Anyway, thanks everyone else for the kind words, I\'m glad to help with the halftone stuff and might put together a formal tutorial for different halftoning techniques that I have amassed over the years Reply Tattle 2/7/2012 7 16 PM permalink swunderlich Quality Posts 0 send message kakow wrote It makes me sad that there are at least seven creative, original ideas on the bottom barrel of this derby, yet the same tired "cute" garbage from ramyb is in the top, just like every time. They really need to instate some kind of "win ____ times in x amount of time and you\'re not able to re-enter for ____ days" rule. It seems like someone has their cranky pants on today....Ramyb has a skill in creating both clever AND breathtaking images and I look forward to seeing what he has to offer each week. Keep creating Ramyb... I enjoy seeing what you come up with each week! Reply Tattle 2/8/2012 7 14 AM permalink paigeg Quality Posts 7 send message ramyb wrote First of all, interesting that you\'d define this as "cute," but ok fine I won\'t argue that point. But the "just like every time" is what gets me. I have had one other design that could possibly be defined as "cutesy" since the start of this year, which ended in 16th place. So far this year, I\'ve had two designs that printed, one of which was a watercolor tree and the other an abstract representation of inspiration the mind. Perhaps you check the derby an average of once every few months and have just gotten unlucky, but I have been working hard to have a great deal of variety in my designs recently, both in content and style. And don\'t worry, spoiler alert! this design is not going to print anyway so you can breathe a little easier. Anyway, thanks everyone else for the kind words, I\'m glad to help with the halftone stuff and might put together a formal tutorial for different halftoning techniques that I have amassed over the years First, I for one have enjoyed seeing you branch out and work different themes other than \'cute\'. You definitely have been strengthening your craft. And second, thanks tons for the discussion on halftones. I\'d love to see you post a tutorial in one of the community threads. It\'d be a terrific help to a lot of us amateurs, and maybe some pros, too. And third, WANT TO HUG! This is fogging; what makes you think it won\'t print Neither the style nor the subject matter are my thing, and I won\'t even opine on the \'on-topic-ness\'. But I see lots of votes going to it. Just curious why you don\'t see it printing. Spoiler Reply Tattle 2/8/2012 1 17 PM permalink ramyb Quality Posts 17 send message paigeg wrote First, I for one have enjoyed seeing you branch out and work different themes other than \'cute\'. You definitely have been strengthening your craft. And second, thanks tons for the discussion on halftones. I\'d love to see you post a tutorial in one of the community threads. It\'d be a terrific help to a lot of us amateurs, and maybe some pros, too. And third, WANT TO HUG! This is fogging; what makes you think it won\'t print Neither the style nor the subject matter are my thing, and I won\'t even opine on the \'on-topic-ness\'. But I see lots of votes going to it. Just curious why you don\'t see it printing. Spoiler Posted As for why I don\'t think this will print, this is definitely a competitive fog, and there are two designs that were posted after this one that fogged before it. I appreciate all the votes on this design, but the chances of it making it higher than 8th or 9th seem pretty slim to me. I\'d love to be wrong though P Reply Tattle 2/8/2012 4 21 PM permalink glorinmann Quality Posts 0 send message kakow wrote It makes me sad that there are at least seven creative, original ideas on the bottom barrel of this derby, yet the same tired "cute" garbage from ramyb is in the top, just like every time. At least it\'s not turtles, but, yes, I kinda feel the same way. kakow wrote They really need to instate some kind of "win ____ times in x amount of time and you\'re not able to re-enter for ____ days" rule. I don\'t agree with you on that part. Personally, I don\'t have a problem with patrickspens printing a shirt almost every week also, as long as it is solid design, funny/clever and/or well executed sometimes I even happen to find that some ramyb designs deserved their printing . What makes me mad is to see that people keep voting blindly for ramyb\'s generic and overused designs, preventing other designs, often more original or better executed, to print and me to buy these by the way Reply Tattle 2/8/2012 5 48 PM permalink dibreault Quality Posts 0 send message Re Ew and it eats snakes LOVE IT! Reply Tattle 2/9/2012 12 18 AM permalink nmpls Quality Posts 10 send message Re Ew and it eats snakes I was hoping it would be a reference to this http //www.youtube.com/watch v EIyixC9NsLI Reply Tattle 2/10/2012 12 50 AM permalink azdarkknight Quality Posts 3 send message Wouldnt personally buy this one but I for one have noticed how you have branched out somewhat Ramyb and I for one appreciate that you are making that effort of moving forward with your work. Reply Tattle 2/10/2012 4 20 PM permalink dwnmoser Quality Posts 0 send message kakow wrote It makes me sad that there are at least seven creative, original ideas on the bottom barrel of this derby, yet the same tired "cute" garbage from ramyb is in the top, just like every time. They really need to instate some kind of "win ____ times in x amount of time and you\'re not able to re-enter for ____ days" rule. Didn\'t we outgrow participation awards after elementary school I would think winning because you\'re the best would be far more satisfying than winning because the best were rendered ineligible... for being the best, no less. Reply Tattle MORE DERBY ENTRIES By date Newer Older View a random entry THUMBNAIL Search Shirt.Woot Blog RSS Feed Today Reckoning Reminder 2/10/2012 72 comments Feb 09 Derby #238 Kitties! 223 comments Feb 09 Introducing Your Contenders for Derby #237 Fish Out of Water 3 comments Feb 07 Reckoning Recon 2/7/2012 72 comments Feb 06 Derby #236 Watercolors Honorable Mentions 12 comments See All Advertisement Today\'s Woot 1st place in Derby #237 Fish Out of Water , with 932 votes! Read More. Community Discussion thumperchick discriminates, "Ahh, Pluto, the ginger of our solar system." loaba exclaims, "Can we just reinstate Pluto already " iamjakex offers, "I imagine this is how this years Mayan Calendar will look like, when it ends and all the planets \'align\'" Frequently Asked Questions Is the shirt on the front page the only shirt for sale Who s designing these t-shirts So how does the Derby work What size should I buy I don t like my shirt. Will you buy it back from me What s this Day of Reckoning Mumbo Jumbo Shirt.Woot is operated by Woot Services LLC. Products on Shirt.Woot are sold by Woot, Inc. Product narratives are for entertainment purposes and frequently employ literary point of view ; the narratives do not express Woot\'s editorial opinion. Aside from literary abuse, your use of this site also subjects you to Woot\'s terms of use and privacy policy . Woot may designate a user comment as a Quality Post, but that doesn\'t mean we agree with or guarantee anything said or linked to in that post. Woot logos, site design, & content Woot, Inc. 2004-2012. All Rights Reserved. Shirt.Woot Today\'s Shirt Woot Blog Community Derby Reckoning Artist Resources Design & Production FAQ Submit a Derby Entry Submit a Daily Entry Community Woot Shirts World of Shirt.Woot Derbies Everything But Woot What is Shirt.Woot Shirt.Woot FAQ Write Us Be a Woot Advertiser Work for Woot Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00259', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" >')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00260', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns og "http //opengraphprotocol.org/schema/"> Woot One Day, One Deal Log in Hi, are you new Start here . Welcome My account | Log out Log in Hi are you new Start here . Today\'s Woot Blog Community Derby Reckoning Shirt.woot launches a new original t-shirt design every midnight central . After that spotlight, the shirt enters The Reckoning, our top 20 best selling shirts. Family Portrait $ 12.00 + free shipping standard -or- + $5 to get it overnight Tuesday -or- + $5 international shipping Condition Filled with craters Product 1 Navy Woot Tee permalink Size WS, WM, WL, WXL, S, M, L, XL, 2X, 3X, K4, K6, K8, K10, K12 Share 276 27 11 I Want One! Today\'s Woot Creator wirdou The principal component of the Solar System is the wirdou, a main-sequence G2 star that contains 99.86 percent of the system s known mass and dominates it gravitationally. Hometown Madrid, Spain 118 Comments Join This Discussion close Smile for the camera 1st place in Derby #237 Fish Out of Water , with 932 votes! Okay, no funny faces, guys. Yes, I m talking to you, Mars. I know you like being the center of attention and everything, but this isn t all about you today. This is about family. Speaking of which, I don t mean to make you feel awkward, but Pluto, could you step out of the frame Thanks. Okay, Jupiter, you need to move to the back. You re blocking your brothers and sisters. And Saturn, please show some modesty and pull up your ring a little bit, okay I mean, we re going to show this to your grandmother after all. Uranus, that s gross. C mon. Turn around and pull your pants up, RIGHT NOW . And Neptune, stop laughing! It only encourages him! Pluto. Please step out of the frame. I don t want to have to ask you again VENUS ! GET DOWN HERE ! IT SHOULDN T TAKE 40 FRIGGIN MINUTES TO PUT ON MAKEUP FOR A FAMILY PHOTO ! HURRY UP! YOUR LITTLE BROTHER MERCURY IS ABOUT TO HAVE ONE OF HIS MOOD SWINGS AGAIN ! Ah, there you are, dear. Looking beautiful as always! Alright, now everyone stand still. I said still, Earth! Oh really, you re covered with life And it s constantly in motion I had no idea. It s not like you talk about it EVERY SINGLE DAY ! But seriously, don t you have the Downton Abbey season finale or something you could throw on to distract people for a minute Thanks! Alright, now everyone say cheese on three. One, Two Oh guys, stop! You don t want me in the picture! Really You do Oh, that is just too sweet! I guess I could set a timer or, wait! Pluto, you re not doing anything Wear this shirt to show coach that you belong in the rotation! Don t wear this shirt to the planetarium. They have no sense of humor about this sort of thing. This shirt tells the world I may be mercurial, but I always manage to pull myself together. We call this color Navy IN SSSSSPPPPPAAAACCCCCEEEEE Design Placement Centered Design Size 3X S 12 x 9.66 WXL - K4 9 x 7.25 Pantone Color s White - Process Yellow C - 1235C - 717C - 5483C - 429C Please check our sizing chart before you order. The Woot Tee follows a classic closer-fitting style. If you prefer a baggier look, order a larger size. If there is not a larger size, consider starting a belly-hanging-out trend. Advertisement Discussion on Today\'s Woot thumperchick discriminates, "Ahh, Pluto, the ginger of our solar system." loaba exclaims, "Can we just reinstate Pluto already " iamjakex offers, "I imagine this is how this years Mayan Calendar will look like, when it ends and all the planets \'align\'" seahokedrama wonders, "At that distance from the sun why does the earth still have water " mattryan admits, "It has seriously been ages since something made me laugh out loud hard. This shirt broke that streak." dethl explains why New Mexico is diggin\' this shirt. emehew posts, "It would be impossible to use relative sizes. The small planets would be pinpoints and the large ones wouldn\'t fit! Get real, suspend disbelief." cmillard1 appreciates the detail on Earth but feels that some of the others don\'t really look like the intended planet. jbhswim states, "I love the expressions of the family. im sure it\'ll get a chuckle when you wear it." FishyFred grumbles about planet sizes. w00tgurl posts, "how cute. scooch on in, Pluto. you\'re still family!" Join This Discussion 118 comments Sale Stats Snapshot Full Stats Speed to First Woot 0m 55.840s First Sucker agentsquishy Quantity Breakdown 92% bought 1 92% 7% bought 2 7% 1% bought 3 1% Full Stats Advertisement Back to top The Reckoning our top 20 bestsellers Buy shirts. Watch the drama. See all available shirts! Home Kids Woot Sellout Wine Derby is now open Derby #238 Kitties! Think you can design a better shirt than the one up there Enter our weekly shirt-off and let the community judge. Be warned they re a harsh judge indeed. Shirt.Woot Blog RSS Feed Today Reckoning Reminder 2/10/2012 72 comments Feb 09 Derby #238 Kitties! 223 comments Feb 09 Introducing Your Contenders for Derby #237 Fish Out of Water 3 comments Feb 07 Reckoning Recon 2/7/2012 72 comments Feb 06 Derby #236 Watercolors Honorable Mentions 12 comments See All Advertisement Mumbo Jumbo Shirt.Woot is operated by Woot Services LLC. Products on Shirt.Woot are sold by Woot, Inc. Product narratives are for entertainment purposes and frequently employ literary point of view ; the narratives do not express Woot\'s editorial opinion. Aside from literary abuse, your use of this site also subjects you to Woot\'s terms of use and privacy policy . Woot may designate a user comment as a Quality Post, but that doesn\'t mean we agree with or guarantee anything said or linked to in that post. Woot logos, site design, & content Woot, Inc. 2004-2012. All Rights Reserved. Shirt.Woot Today\'s Shirt Woot Blog Community Derby Reckoning Artist Resources Design & Production FAQ Submit a Derby Entry Submit a Daily Entry Community Woot Shirts World of Shirt.Woot Derbies Everything But Woot What is Shirt.Woot Shirt.Woot FAQ Write Us Be a Woot Advertiser Work for Woot Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00261', 'class "no-js ie6 oldie" lang "en">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00262', 'class "no-js ie6 oldie" lang "en">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00263', 'itemscope itemtype "http //schema.org/Product"> Rizzoma is FREE and Open Source. Help support Rizzoma by spreading the word. Tweet to @rizzomacom Email and IM are linear contextless communication tools. Messages pile up and get lost or become redundant. There\'s no way to keep track of who replied to what, or which version of the conversation is the newest. Even if you sort or organize your local copy, no one else benefits from your work. Rizzoma is different. It\'s a collaborative tool that tracks the context of your conversation automatically, allowing you to grow a conversation wherever you need and keep track of all the changes and additions in one place. Rizzoma also helps information stay organized by allowing you to structure your documents in ways that make sense to you. Hover to View Animation Easy sharing and real time collaboration Add and remove members. Edit documents together in real time. @mentions in documents Leave a comment in the document and easily draw attention to your message. Assign and Track tasks without leaving Rizzoma You can assign tasks right from the text. Tasks are automatically imported to your favorite task manager or calendar. Simple, fast, mobile version Import your Waves in Rizzoma Watch tutorial Hover to View Animation Improved search Rizzoma\'s improved morphological search is better than Google Wave\'s. If you search for "dog", you won\'t miss documents that mention "dogs" or "doggies". Comment in context Inline blips are simplified in Rizzoma, and the Table of Contents helps you keep track of long conversations. Playback individual blips In Rizzoma, you can playback the history of the whole topic, or just the history of a single blip, letting you find the changes you\'re looking for much more quickly. OpenSocial gadget support Rizzoma supports the same gadgets you\'ve been using in Google Wave. Just install them again and you\'re ready to go. Real time collaboration Like Google Wave, Rizzoma allows you to manage communications across distributed teams in real time. Everyone always has the latest version of the document, and everyone sees changes as they happen. Traditionally task management and document editing were done separately. Rizzoma fuses communications, task management, and document editing into one application. Now all your work, all the work that still needs to be done, and all your conversations about the work are in one place! Hover to View Animation Manage team members Instantly add a new viewer or author by sending an email invitation right from the document. Content is securely stored in the cloud and can be made private or public. Easy sharing Share public content by sending a public link via skype, email or twitter. Share private content by sending a private link. Mindmap view Drag & drop messages to create mindmaps, collections and catalogs, enabling you to structure information in ways that are intuitive and clear. Comment in context Insert a comment anywhere in the document. To keep things organized, a Table of Contents can be automatically generated. Tasks You can easily @mention any user to create a task and assign it to them. Structure information Contextual discussions lead to structured communications. By keeping a single master copy of each conversation, documents become easier to navigate than traditional communication like email, IMs, or forums. Rizzoma is an opensource project. If you\'re interested, contact us support@projectvolna.com Blog Press Kit')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00264', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me 2.13.12.......!!. "She wanna be in my presence" audio http //t.co/vToQqWoO via @youtube #PPP2.0 Share | A Tweet by @APtheMAYOR 2012-02-08 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00265', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me RT @suzisquared #Naked in a vampire bed means you ve been invited, doesn t mean you ve agreed to sex Respect means vampires ask, they don t assume #lust Share | A Tweet by @iBellaMargarita 2012-02-09 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00266', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me He read some papers, people clapped, others slept and the rest were surfing porn RT @3Rd_dEGREE_SA So what BS did Jacob breastfeed u guys this time Same old promises #SONA Share | A Tweet by @Pasco_e 2012-02-09 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00267', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me RT @TheFactsBook RT @SoRandomSayings HUMAN BRAIN It\'s amazing. It functions 24/7 from the time we were born & only stops when we take exams. Share | A Tweet by @Wizard_AS 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00268', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me YES! RT @emmphive 1st @SoweTop_10 at 7pm, then @livesabc1 at 9pm. Then tomorrow at 8pm is #thelkgshow with Julius Malema as our guest. Stay indoors. Share | A Tweet by @leratokganyago 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00269', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me HmmRT @TheNoteboook I hate when you talk to someone every day and then it just stops. All of a sudden neither of you say a word to each other. Share | A Tweet by @rezzauditya 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00270', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me U shud try \'em,too delicious RT @christimautice Croissant I love that word its fancy RT @lebza0108 Lmao RT @christimautice Lol too late! Lol RT @lebza0108 I\'m ... http //t.co/FHmuYWZY Share | A Tweet by @lebza0108 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00271', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me RT @Tendaijoe Lol RT @AkiAnastasiou One saggy boob said to the other saggy boob \'If we don\'t get some support soon, people will think we\'re nuts!\' Share | A Tweet by @chodza35 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00272', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me >RT @Pook_RaN That\'s usually how it goes or you get slapped up! RT @xSheTrippy_ Niggas thought since they got me high they were gon\' fuck -____- pmo. Share | A Tweet by @Money_Makin20 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00273', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me Being that its Black History Month I would just like to acknowledge all of the Caucasians who stood along side Blacks during the Civil Rights Movement. Share | A Tweet by @Skard4Lyph 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00274', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me Eeeiye kari loro dwe ta using roso rmongso..whahh RT @lazyafyfah itiye yoyo mak\'e itiye yoyo hahahajoerRT@arionuhsadewo Nong alas glek kayu nongko..hha RT @lazyafyfah itiye yoyo-catur arum wkwkwkwk Share | A Tweet by @arionuhsadewo 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00275', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me Hahahahha..calm ur tits babe. RT @Haniiiifa Pls GTFO of my mentions "@Kakusblingz RT @Haniiiifa Gosh no one can replace my bestfrend in this worldd I fucking love her!!!" Share | A Tweet by @Kakusblingz 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00276', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me Our own advice was never really ment 4 ourselves I guess RT @XSTROLOGY RT @RealTaIk Its funny how I\'m good at giving advice to others but when it comes to helping myself, I don\'t know what to do... Share | A Tweet by @Qt_Tibo 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00277', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me Lmao RT @MonopolyGee I just wanna get high with her RT @MrWorldwiide @MonopolyGee lmaoooo RT @MentionTo #MentionTo your friend who\'s a huge fan of @MileyCyrus. Share | A Tweet by @MrWorldwiide 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00278', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me RT @xDidemEC RT @SayingsForGirls You know you deserve someone better when the one you ve always fought for is also the one you ve always cried for. Share | A Tweet by @xBusraam_ 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00279', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me Yeaahh, can\'t wait clevley\'s show tomorrow nite.. RT @UtdIndonesia Anyone still awake Just want share some pics from United training session...We Got Cleverley back in 1st team m/ Share | A Tweet by @SimonZefanya 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00280', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me Okay sir RT @Bash_TI Check back in 5m! My connection is bad but I did already! RT @DanTaraba Follwn bak boss RT @Bash_TI #NowFollowing @DanTaraba Share | A Tweet by @DanTaraba 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00281', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me Don\'t make someone a priority in ur life if you\'re going to be an option in theirs RT @vandalSwagg Don\'t you just hate it when u r a 2nd to people u put 1st Share | A Tweet by @LukItsChuma 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00282', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me Ditunggu sale-nya . RT @iwearUP Amaaazziiing! We now have 10,000 followers! Thank you so much, pretty ladies..we love you! http //t.co/50YQ23QH Share | A Tweet by @RossieOvulandra 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00283', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me RT @Giants If you are on Google+ here is a link to our page http //t.co/Lqum51Ox plan to do more hangouts with players in future @RealJeannetteLo Share | A Tweet by @STAIRE_Jeffe 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00284', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me RT @NoteToFemaIes You\'re in a relationship to be happy, to smile, to laugh & to make good memories. Not to constantly be upset, to feel hurt & to cry. Share | A Tweet by @sryy27 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00285', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me Lagos Governor Babatunde Fashola yesterday warned judges against selling the houses given them to stay while in the employment of the state. Share | A Tweet by @Dinaroh 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00286', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me RT @RonalynKishun79 @ThunderzMLights A lot of naked best girls you can find here!!! The nice adult collection! http //t.co/DjzKw85T #pussy Ew. Get off. Share | A Tweet by @Thunderzmoon 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00287', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me Hot cake... RT @bbossss_laidy Sugar plum RT @babatunderunsa @bbossss_laidy hi............................................................................................ Share | A Tweet by @babatunderunsa 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00288', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me http //lockerz.com/s/182441076 So my dad and brother have been talking about this gibberish for about 4 hrs now. This is what gives me second thoughts about architecture. Share | A Tweet by @LynnAbdulaziz 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00289', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me RT @eLDeeTheDon "Keeping it real" is doing wht is traditionally urs. U cnt claim 2 B "keeping it real" while copying somethin foreign. #Adapt Share | A Tweet by @MegaSAS 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00290', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me Cieee gorry RT @monica_gorry astaga! RT @prmkftundip #PrayForTio RT @valentwidyat TIOK @prmkftundip RT @detikcom Lelaki Berpenyakit Kulit Lebih Rentan Lemah Syahwat Share | A Tweet by @helariArdelia 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00291', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me Follow back Please RT @Promotions_AJA @wilhel_cute @AnilGujaraTi Please follow @AngelJaydenA he\'s very nice & wants 2 be a singer. I\'ll follow u Share | A Tweet by @wilhel_cute 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00292', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me Cudnt be bothered. Gna do it 2day RT @LaReineMB RT @Superstarkamm19 I\'m surprised birds havnt started perching on dis nest I hv on my head LOL I thought u took it out Share | A Tweet by @Superstarkamm19 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00293', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me RT @dshoalts Mats Sundin donated $333,333 to establist elite exchange program between U of Toronto and Karolinska Institutet in Sweden to study health. Share | A Tweet by @llwillia 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00294', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me Yh, I konw that feeling. But u got to get up cause am 3 blocks away, I might just stop by u Neva knw RT @e_untouch @tuneri yesssss don\'t feel like getting of the,floor...is,so comfy Share | A Tweet by @tuneri 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00295', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me RT @melardi3 The truth is, you don\'t lose friends. You just find out the ones who were true, and the ones who were never really there for you " Share | A Tweet by @Yewande_Alakiu 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00296', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me RT @xkuspaulien RT @RealTaIk Its funny how I\'m good at giving advice to others but when it comes to helping myself, I don\'t know what to do... Share | A Tweet by @x__Britt 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00297', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me RT @eLDeeTheDon "Keeping it real" is doing what is traditionally yours. You can\'t claim to be "keeping it real" while copying something foreign. #Adapt Share | A Tweet by @MsBawss 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00298', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me Lol well I\'m grown now RT @TyNoseBest Last time I check u were a kid lol@_AB5 I\'m grown RT @TyNoseBest RT @_AB5 Get in the house RT @TyNoseBest I\'m up ... http //t.co/P7KWroWD Share | A Tweet by @_AB5 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00299', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me @yumnaafifahn coba dicekRT @urban_warteg RT @millyshafiq @tengkusophia pake foto @meldamita .. terus yg ngaku sophia yg asli @Imtengkusophia pake fotonya @caarella .. #drama abis dah ah Share | A Tweet by @nadiaZaherina 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00300', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me RT @IzyanYayan No one seems to notice me in the crowd , but once i saw you . I don\'t bother about the others to notice me . I just hoping you to see me . Share | A Tweet by @ateynberrymia 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00301', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me RT @JasZinho55 RT @LaughorYawn Salesgirl u cant smoke here, man but i bought cigerates frm here Salesgirl sir we sell condoms too but it doesnt mean u start f g here Share | A Tweet by @UncBee 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00302', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me Twi\'er wud be a much better place if pple just noticed u were following them and followed back without u having to go on the soulselling mission of asking for a follow back. Share | A Tweet by @rockostylz 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00303', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me RT @berr3licious one is patience and d oda is procastinationRT @alameen_charges If good things come to those who wait, isn\'t procrastination a virture Share | A Tweet by @alameen_charges 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00304', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me Just woke up ....rolled over n gave my girl the biggest kiss ever..so happy right now! Gonna be a good weekend #canihititinthemorning#winning Share | A Tweet by @Toomuchswag101 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00305', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me RT @V_endetta1 Anytime hun... RT @nattychick01 Thanks darln I\'m happy nw Rt@V_endetta1 Nice AVI tho.. D RT @nattychick01 Sober mood " Share | A Tweet by @nattychick01 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00306', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me RT @MSLee143 @Vixon84 I see you\'ve joined the @ontopfm tune in crew!!!! Welcome Now u need to tune in to Talkshow @mr_stamina on tuesdays and thursdays! Share | A Tweet by @ontopfm 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00307', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me @2PMagreement211 enjoy this beautiful day of yours in Paris with ze members take good care of yourself blurry maknae kekeke #HappyChananaDay Share | A Tweet by @ArsyhAnwr 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00308', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me TruuuuuuuuuRT @SincereTrey I hate to tell yall Celtics fans but yall bout to take another loss at home Sunday when yall play my Bulls lol #imjustsayin Share | A Tweet by @VaneVO 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00309', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me RT @MGD_SA This year, we\'re going on tour with @akaworldwide @khulichana01 & @minniedlamini - #MMTW is going next level! http //t.co/Si3JuyG1 Share | A Tweet by @MinnieDlamini 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00310', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me Smacker niRT @tblacchills I will smack dat ur idi for u now RT @vahldesiah YidiRT @tblacchills yimu after I av made u resurrect... rme ... http //t.co/mcltKQ1b Share | A Tweet by @vahldesiah 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00311', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me RT @NPChampionshipR We want more fans from each of the 24 NPC clubs to follow us!Can people do their best to help Shout-Out\'s,RT\'s,Tweet Players etc, Thanks. Share | A Tweet by @BradleyBakerMFC 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00312', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me Na f0r middle east buy ya fone ni Am sure its Gadaffi\' last fone @SegunOmojola @PEPPEROSY activate interlock, stealth. mode activated. Ferocious attack mode. Berra hide ur phone na while u have d shance ooo. Share | A Tweet by @PEPPEROSY 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00313', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me Don\'t be swayed today by someone else\'s opinion just because you haven\'t figured out a solution yet. And don\'t give up on your own ability to solve the problem. Give yourself some time to come up with the answer. You are the best person to do so. Share | A Tweet by @flakyyy4 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00314', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me Case Sorted, Cristal Sorted, Headphones sorted, Laptop with tracks on in Middle of doing, Traktor 2 in case, iPhone and BB charger in case, have I missed anythink s, if not I\'m ready for my Weekends Setssssssss!! Share | A Tweet by @Cossie_moo 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00315', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me Sleep tight darla.. RT @ivoade Once more time, happy birthday pacal sayang @chillonk.. I love you! tidur btulan mka inii, peace hahaha p Share | A Tweet by @chillonk 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00316', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me RT @TheLoveStories The best revenge Happiness, because nothing drives people more crazy than seeing someone actually having a good life. #TLS Share | A Tweet by @Kakainiy 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00317', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me Lmao!RT @Czar_Rafael He\'s castrated"@TinyLadyLeo Gv me a reason to!RT @DonOkizle Pick me! Pick me!! RT @tinyladyleo I need a partner for BBA..apply now!" Share | A Tweet by @TinyLadyLeo 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00318', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me RT @WeKnowComedy "The hardest thing to do is to stop loving someone who\'s stopped loving you." ..I think putting toothpaste back in its container is harder. Share | A Tweet by @Violina_TB 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00319', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me O RT @Zuwati I cn see RT @RayyyyyJ Hahahahaha RT @eperewhisky Zuwati, have u met ur inlaw to be "@RayyyyyJ Oya dm me ur numba..lol RT ... Share | A Tweet by @RayyyyyJ 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00320', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me RT @Dean_Musthafa @mrsqhyroll @Dean_Musthafa Boleh je.. Shuben resort soon siap, mu nak feeling2 seminggu pun xpe. luar negara pleaseeeeee- kekwattttt!!! Aceh je Share | A Tweet by @mrsqhyroll 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00321', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me RT @KPwhatsthesitch Last night I told the bouncer he would be getting a strongly worded email about not letting my in an my id was not taken away #smart Share | A Tweet by @DFonts1992 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00322', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me But babe not all people will love my avi RT @deo_daniel Cc @Evahddiva "@page09 Lies RT @deo_daniel That Avi has more hits than Madonna!!!!" Share | A Tweet by @Evahddiva 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00323', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me Nah so nw!RT @ebonybeauty4me Ahn ahn"@lindyminaj Asin ehn!! #TeamGbolaka#RT @missilekeh U love her cus both of u speak d same way RT @timi2la @Karen_Igho thts . Share | A Tweet by @lindyminaj 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00324', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me Eh, she likes ur photograph tuw.. RT @ferdi_007 Saya memiliki titik toleransi dan titik jenuh yg cukup baik, namun bisa mematikan. Just wait... Share | A Tweet by @pebbong 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00325', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me Death! RT @KyeMarli Lmao RT @MissNadiaM Bathong friend RT @FaiRybUmGigGles Cant stop staring @ his penis! Y isn\'t he sitting This MC guy! I die from within Share | A Tweet by @Felicia_Kays 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00326', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me RT @xDamnTeenLife RT @SoRandomSayings When looking up something in Google, if it s not on the first page of search results,it does not exist and my journey ends there. Share | A Tweet by @gorzmanfluxer 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00327', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me @IslamicMoral "if u see that one of u has slipped, correct him, pray for him and do not help the shaytan against him by insultinting him, etc ." Umar RA Share | A Tweet by @acechatta 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00328', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me Iyam sorry sobs RT @Princess_Nautie "@Wildwildjay No I dint, shebi I tuk it wot ur fone RT @Princess_Nautie @Wildwildjay dat our superman picture did u find it "" Share | A Tweet by @Wildwildjay 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00329', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me RT @TWA767 http //t.co/HeiUpCuj AirAsia X pilot couldn\'t land Airbus A330 manually at Gold Coast Airport due to bad weather and no ILS on the airport. Share | A Tweet by @cahyowib 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00330', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me I always get bored when I see these twitter eggs tweeting my name,but I\'m not following them&they not following me!.What the hell Aint cool Share | A Tweet by @sandykadube 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00331', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me RT @ThemBoysThat She\'s jealous because she\'s afraid you\'ll find someone prettier, smarter, taller, skinnier, calmer, stronger, and better than her. Share | A Tweet by @Ms_Fribee 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00332', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me RT @EpicTweets_ RT @SoDamnTrue For Valentine\'s Day, I\'m going to do nothing. But the next day, I\'m going to buy all the discount chocolates I like. D Share | A Tweet by @alimac204 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00333', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me Hha iya bsk istirahat full aku wal semingguan tdr cmn brp jam ajaRT @vianntoobaggy Sip,banyakin istirahat aja RT @byteb Udh tdi aku periksaRT @vianntoobaggy Periksain teb RT Share | A Tweet by @byteb 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00334', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me RT @Jenniferokpala RT @iRespectFemales #MyProblemIs i tend to be shy at first...but once you get to know me and once im comfortable around you, i act like im on crack Share | A Tweet by @coco_hunie 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00335', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me Ha ah di soft RT @christimautice Uh-uh o bua ka ntho tsele tse ommeng RT @lebza0108 Hahaha nah ko Spar or Woolies RT @christimautice Lol ko ... http //t.co/idWs1L7T Share | A Tweet by @lebza0108 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00336', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me RT @VerliefdeTiener You can close your eyes for things you don\'t want to see, but you can\'t close your heart for things you don\'t want to feel. Share | A Tweet by @EvaatjeB 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00337', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me RT @IslamChat Nay, but they, the clear Ayat [i.e. the description and the qualities of Prophet Muhammad SAW http //t.co/dewQCMt5 29 49 #Quran Share | A Tweet by @kwaido 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00338', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me I amm RT @clubspacemiami Who is ready for the 3rd annual Loco Dice & Marco Carola Terrace Marathon Wednesday March 21st ... Word of... http //t.co/sULKBwEt Share | A Tweet by @LigYn1985 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00339', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me RT @timbarker1988 @SpiceLowery lmao back in fusion thinking ws a right g! Haha or the mission walk to Hadley cause booze ws more important then a taxi home! #THIS Share | A Tweet by @SpiceLowery 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00340', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me RT @TheLoveStories The best revenge Happiness, because nothing drives people more crazy than seeing someone actually having a good life. #TLS Share | A Tweet by @sararamelia 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00341', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me Everyone gets creamed by AG mortgage settlement EXCEPT Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac. #housing #mortgage #banking @FoxNews @FoxBusiness #tcot @TheKingDude Share | A Tweet by @AnthonyBSanders 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00342', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me Haha they mus calm down witit RT @madamZee141 Hahah The Way Some Lames On BBM Hate Me Coz I\'ve Been Using @smashis\'s Pics As My D.P LoL,They Must Chill Hey Share | A Tweet by @smashis 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00343', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me RT @whitakergroup Infrastructure \'South Africa planning massive spending on railways and ports to boost exports & attract investments\' http //t.co/hAqA9FOe Share | A Tweet by @TayoBab 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00344', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me http //lockerz.com/s/182442907 Makasih" muah coklat gratis buat kamu RT @premanGank Merinding liat timeline, banyak akun twitter cewe yang cantik2 gini. hmm Share | A Tweet by @agustinaheny 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00345', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me Rieut haha RT @pratiwiolip Ngaco -.- RT @rifkiw Nu penting sehat naoncnah RT @pratiwiolip Ngmngin apa ajalaah RT @rifki cont http //t.co/Ptk7Uhni Share | A Tweet by @rifkiw 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00346', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me In a few yrs..Eniola wil hear frm her.RT @Mystique_em Lol,she has no choice RT @SerialLicker Not to worry, shes used to it D Mystique_em SerialLicker where\'s Yasmine Share | A Tweet by @Hawtune 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00347', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me RT @UsherRaymondIV I ain\'t complaining at all, don\'t get me wrong....It\'s amazing how unpredictable life can be...you make your best out of what you got. Share | A Tweet by @bryluvsskittles 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00348', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me Lol yes! Next time lunch is on me! RT @LadyGzups Awesome day with PearlSparkle, we FINALLY had lunch ... LOVE you bro... Can\'t wait for tomorrow Share | A Tweet by @PearlSparkle 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00349', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me @crazynellz yeah but now I gotta see who won last chance kitchen. It between Grayson and Bev!! But I\'m TeamPaul man! He has got so much spunk! Share | A Tweet by @DashingCamilla 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00350', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me Wat is d meaning RT @Folabzbaba RT @LaughorYawn The longest English word, at 45 letters, is \'pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconiosis\'.#FACT Share | A Tweet by @Zoamaa 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00351', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me RT @joe_bower "Collecting information doesn t require tests, and sharing that information doesn t require grades" http //t.co/b5DqhwaD #catca12 #abed Share | A Tweet by @Anastasiawords 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00352', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me Did It Help RT @baebieluv I done did it! "@ugly4real Press The Power Button N Hold It Down RT @baebieluv Its not going off! What have I done!!! \' " Share | A Tweet by @ugly4real 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00353', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me RT @elrufai RT @NigeriaNewsdesk FG has set up a committee to verify the 350bn claim said to be its indebtedness to states on the maintenance of federal roads. Share | A Tweet by @pekzi 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00354', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me Akn indah pd waktux syg RT @bilabilo23 Iya.. Iya tweety cantik qw tau oq.. Ahhaha... Lha qw mbek sopo RT @NofrinaK Iy bnr..apapun itu ak cinta skrg ... http //t.co/eyMVgRWD Share | A Tweet by @NofrinaK 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00355', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me RT @IllVomitInUrEye I see certain mandem rocking belts that louis vuitton NEVER EVEN THOUGHT ABOUT TALKLESS CREATE U MANDEM N UR FAKE GARMS smh Share | A Tweet by @FoxRoyalty 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00356', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me RT @TheLoveStories The best revenge Happiness, because nothing drives people more crazy than seeing someone actually having a good life. #TLS Share | A Tweet by @U_dhitya 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00357', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me Thnks man. RT @bolutifelordson Nice avi tho! wink RT @bukkney Lwkmd.u sound like ma mumRT @bolutifelordson Sit-down no open ur mouth talk u ... http //t.co/FSLOZE5g Share | A Tweet by @bukkney 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00358', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me Is this some type of joke -_- RT @WhatTheFFacts A woman with a PhD in math won the scratch lottery four times by figuring out the algorithm of the ticket production. Share | A Tweet by @iitatyana 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00359', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me Atlogele go phapha D RT @MiisTeee Lmao! RT @MsLeloB Hairdresser looks at my hairline and asks "So what\'s going on here " Can he just hide it athule! Share | A Tweet by @Felicia_Kays 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00360', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me Heartbreak nw usin d sands of tym RT @Pretty_She_Nerd Ure too late!! Sum1\'s hia alredy RT @Dark_Lord_Paul Tk off ur cloths on my way RT Pretty_She_Nerd Fagged ... more http //t.co/VnQKiZkt Share | A Tweet by @Dark_Lord_Paul 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00361', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me @ItzRoBBTheThird @thursdays_pfct @gobybubble @dgurl4ever I will not be "vulgar" its all in a balance of energy. plus rob and toni KNOW me lol Share | A Tweet by @jay_poetry_21 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00362', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me Haaaahaa cipet gede.. RT @ganesha_putra Foto @jhocoffee 5thn ke dpn.. @DimasPanjiJoenk @Sapta_Dicky @lia_bule @DenyBusuk @dhanangsetho http //t.co/lDRPvHeJ Share | A Tweet by @dhanangsetho 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00363', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me RT @reezylove Check out my azonto! http //t.co/Nm1pxYbi @uu10 , @SuperHeroUCH , @Black_Staress , @sunkiss3dbeauty , @DoubleTHEdoubs , @tosinogunsiakan RT Share | A Tweet by @uu10 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00364', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me Lol. . Why Wudnt I ! Lol RT @izzy2fresh Well done you spelt my name right!! RT @MiSs_K_SeVuMe Not The Right Response ISAAC!RT @izzy2fresh Ehhhhhhh ... http //t.co/qJgIcexT Share | A Tweet by @MiSs_K_SeVuMe 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00365', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me ; RT @badtgirl RT lolz@slashstar23 Cool story sis.. applauding u RT @badtgirl I can do bad all by myself.....A bad like dat winkz Share | A Tweet by @slashstar23 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00366', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me Its the weeeeekeeeeend!!!! week started crap but ended great! Now ready for cuddle weather and a fab weekend! Just missing @sirGriffinJames my sick bestie and @IainTMilne,@Maree_7 and @CataleyaB my MIA diva!! Share | A Tweet by @Rose_Anna_03 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00367', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me RT @reeman_abulaban O... http //t.co/A6ur8bY1 via @youtube............so cool hey justin can you give me some proactive please @justinbieber please if you say okay I\'m gonna till everything..where is my home and everything please come Share | A Tweet by @reeman_abulaban 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00368', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me What\'s d meaning of bfs RT @ARSENALFACUP12 NTA but stv will show bfs by 6 RT @AreDeyLarger Which channel is that my uncle is watching SS10 RT cont http //t.co/RLTlnjta Share | A Tweet by @AreDeyLarger 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00369', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me Cool story bro p RT @sallllllllll2 I told d Boo dat I was angry but nt wit him,he called immediately2 ask wot d problem was n talkd it off wit me,n ordered Choc cake2 calm me Share | A Tweet by @iUtchay 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00370', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me RT @diapro6 Yupzz.. Pray for us yah.. RT @DFAGBY Besok abang mau olimpiade ya RT @diapro6 Udh ah, org mau bljr dlu.. Bsok mau fighting. Bye! RT Share | A Tweet by @DFAGBY 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00371', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me Maths teaches swearing, not a big deal...but my maths teacher saying \'I can\'t be taking this whisper $! #\' is the funniest thing I had to laugh at... Share | A Tweet by @RiRiValadao 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00372', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me RT @itssuzy I dont try to be what am not! My attitude to someone depends on how you treat me! I can\'t force myself to be extra nice, it flows naturally! Share | A Tweet by @ellalovlie 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00373', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me RT @virnity Poke @MarioWuysang2 RT @DailyMoveOn Behind every successful person is a bunch of haters. Be wise, and never let them bring you down! #DMO Share | A Tweet by @MarioWuysang 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00374', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me I just gentle boss...about to close...I go chill with my friends soon RT @djkool26 @casualmoney Na friday na , I must to booze utunu , this side just dey , hw ur side boss Share | A Tweet by @casualmoney 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00375', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me Ayt RT @Deen_Wolverine Yhupz...RT @FlawLess_Sajj So kaje kano RT Deen_Wolverine So no night flexing for this kano Nna that\'s not a good sign! Share | A Tweet by @FlawLess_Sajj 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00376', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me Lmaooo RT @daqchuck You are more than 6 ft yeah RT"@am_Molly I hope so too. I want MI RT @daqchuck I hope molly gets married to one of them choc boys." Share | A Tweet by @MissRickles 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00377', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me RT @ahmadrashaad Happy Birthday to my closed friend Megat Mohd Hazwan Zamir & happy 16th years of friendship. Take care, may God bless you always! Share | A Tweet by @sararamelia 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00378', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me #Bliss RT @PalesaKhang #KhangSistas! RT @Amanda_Khang Y\'all are the sweetest &hearts; RT @Leera_DaDon Group Hug RT @PalesaKhang ... http //t.co/g381Q2Jo Share | A Tweet by @Amanda_Khang 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00379', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me Thanks guys!!!! RT @supermodelscom @IamJessWhite luv your new @Maybelline #NYFW profile pic. When I\'m scrolling through the models tweets, yours stands out. Share | A Tweet by @IamJessWhite 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00380', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me Smsm sayang D RT @nabbjuwita Hehehe mksh Nana!;; RT @dedeliena Hehee loveyoutoo RT nabbjuwita Iya. Mksd-nya kamu orang yg aku cintaaaa!;; Wkwk.RT Share | A Tweet by @dedeliena 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00381', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me I lyk everytin bout her RT @Swazo_1 "@lilgaga001 Kinda....RT @Swazo_1 @lilgaga001 I guess ur obsessed wif her"its all gud. Wat do u like most bout her Share | A Tweet by @lilgaga001 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00382', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me @Luis_LicksFrogs @TheWorldOfMio who\'s in study hall w|you & cause niggas wanna sleep but noooo people wanna be mad spansih blast music early in the morning & talk mad loud -.- Share | A Tweet by @AyooNena 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00383', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me Haha! Gahar yeee p RT @DarmaNobo Wew... greenylia Sometimes you meet someone and you cant help but think if they were the reason the middle finger was created! Share | A Tweet by @greenylia 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00384', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me o_______ RT @femionabs tossing epa in to my mouth RT @babywhite1 Now you\'re on my page ...RT @coker_dickens Hold on naa, curves on ... http //t.co/rGBjOdCY Share | A Tweet by @babywhite1 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00385', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me Makasih pepe D RT @dimasputraSC Envy -_- longlast & keep romantic ya D "@andiccca Well,life is never predictable......akhirnya taken by him untill today Share | A Tweet by @andiccca 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00386', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me RT @FunnyTeam RT @autocorrects I saw a man at the beach yelling "Help, Shark, Help!!!" I just laughed, I knew that shark wasn\'t going to help him Share | A Tweet by @HotGyal__ 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00387', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me I can actually share my thoughts and get some useful advice from my boy friends looks like they\'re all grown up now @Dimmykull @kraftmeister Share | A Tweet by @doraoreo 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00388', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me Is called 14045 RT @anne7390 Teeeettt.. Pizza hut RT @firmalts Pergi pagi plg sore... Sore plg tngh mlm... Tngh mlm plg pagi.. http //t.co/2NemSsvm Share | A Tweet by @firmalts 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00389', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me They just got back home from school now, thanks love. RT @Amchizzy Sorry dear. My boizzz nko @Zinelo Not too bad, just cold as usual RT Amchizzy So how did ur day go cont http //t.co/UcsUjEjS Share | A Tweet by @Zinelo 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00390', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me Yimu RT @clozz3rtohlanky Heavy bag full of coins "Ms_BeeKay Hmmm..money speaking! RT @clozz3rtohlanky Whoz on d island dt want a drink bills on me" Share | A Tweet by @Ms_BeeKay 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00391', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me Tltltl kodwa Ma7 RT @snezzow Hawu lol RT @bhuti_ma7 ugly people excuses --- oh I didn\'t get my beauty sleep... Kahle biiiiish u need a beauty coma Share | A Tweet by @Thowy 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00392', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me Lha wingi hare btuh jas soale do ra gwo..oke2 RT @AddodhiA spo mas yan sing btuh yoes gampang.. RT @riantyarta @AddodhiA le nak ono sing butuh jas jkuk wae ning omahku...tp http //t.co/w4I0vq4r Share | A Tweet by @riantyarta 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00393', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me RT @Corissa_Babe #IfWeAreInARelationship ... I want you to not only be my lover, but my best friend, confidant && everything else inbetween Share | A Tweet by @vyolettah 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00394', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me K RT @iMacfuks_prime Eya!!! I dnt ve eh... So ur fond of d air RT @EBUBE__ Ur gf ! RT @iMacfuks_prime Fond of wah RT @EBUBE__ Gradually getting fond of this Share | A Tweet by @EBUBE__ 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00395', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me Much better ....what are you up to now is there anything good that you wanna DM me about RT @ZeVixen @SQNOMBIBA @Funklei @iyaaaya @Maluuua lol sammm will try! Share | A Tweet by @SQNOMBIBA 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00396', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me Will never come out of jail! What\'s d num for Lwkmd! @Hayjaybawa whr u see dis geh RT @Zoamaa Cc @Zoama2100 my oda acoount dat is in jail Share | A Tweet by @jumokukus 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00397', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me RT @TransAfrica172 Now listening to @tarsha_leigh @les_ego011 @jenaynej @VtheVowel also known as @FlyOnTheWall_4 on www.transafricaradio.net Share | A Tweet by @jenaynej 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00398', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me Eya!!! I dnt ve eh... So ur fond of d air RT @ULuvToMi HeheRT @EBUBE__ Ur gf ! RT @iMacfuks_prime Fond of wah RT @EBUBE__ Gradually getting fond of this Share | A Tweet by @iMacfuks_prime 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00399', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me U can say tht againRT @tami_black It\'s on CNN like something blew up riverton a bun dong bet that smoke stink yuh fuck."@NASZLEE_DGAF @tami_black they lit the city dump!" Share | A Tweet by @ParkerMelessa 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00400', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me Jam berapa RT @TrueCherrybelle #INFO Tapping @pas_mantab with @Cherrybelleindo akan tayang hari minggu tanggal 12 Februari 2012 Don\'t miss it Twibies ok ^_~ Share | A Tweet by @rosiabimanyu 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00401', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me I\'m just too selfish for a brat RT @FanaThePurp I can\'t have a brat now, I\'m short of R1 to get a 6pack. Than if I have a brat how much will I be short off! Hayi Share | A Tweet by @ZinziMboweni 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00402', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me I\'m guessing Victoria\'s Secret Kenwood RT @HeatherKnitz I mean really isn\'t shopping for bras fun ladies...smh @JayABruce tell Joey I love him Share | A Tweet by @Jim_in_Cincy 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00403', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me Kwaa, its a special episode, don\'t miss it hey, pliz, just today only "@ThokozaniMiya is someone gonna die if they miss @Nobuhlencube Whatever you do, don\'t miss Isidingo......#SABC3 " Share | A Tweet by @Nobuhlencube 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00404', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me RT @pipe_mp @MonnyDominguez "The moment i wake up, before YOU put on YOUR makeup, i say a little pray for youuuuu... you\'ll stay in my heart" Share | A Tweet by @MonnyDominguez 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00405', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me #truetweet RT @MrOutStanding2k Why be hype about one day out the year if they really loved u it would seem like another day out your relationship #ijs Share | A Tweet by @MrsSoloWayne 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00406', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me Hmmm ckp d dahsyat atau d inbox aj kali ya piss RT @RadioShow_tvOne RT @indraa_arif now RT @romanoKillmsOn Tweeps Let\'s vote for @KILLINGMEINSIDE @muvannmuvann @PWGofficial @kacamata8bit to perform at @RadioShow_tvOne GBU Share | A Tweet by @fenstwitt 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00407', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me Miss U 2! RT @puregold01 I\'m not RT @Tabsyyy Lool...buh U r lying nah.. RT puregold @Tabsyyy so I can\'t miss u again, get away wif ur massive hips nd ass Share | A Tweet by @Tabsyyy 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00408', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me RT @TheeRealRichie my teacher project due Monday . me what teacher time flies when your looking at stats on ESPN right Hahaa #CallahanSucks Share | A Tweet by @ConDawg3 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00409', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me Cool! RT @nengyuke sukses @GeckoBand buat opening evanescence nanti 25 feb~ @putrigecko @AdiGecko @DwiGecko @ndragecko proud of you guys! m/ Share | A Tweet by @gentafajar 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00410', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me @Karen_DaviLa art.15 of civil code conflicts of laws laws on family rights & duties,etc. Binding upon citizens of Phil. Though living abroad. Share | A Tweet by @iamlheila 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00411', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me RT @clarissatracy RIP, Ka Martin. You were always cheery, even from the little I know you God rest your kind soul, may u bring more joy to heaven. Share | A Tweet by @rachellls 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00412', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me Ooo! Dat is to say o tun te siwaju RT @slashazhandle KotansibeRT @tohluVELVET Lo ba tan oo RT @slashzhandle For the last time I av heard RT @ayoyemib @slashzhandle follow baq for d last time Share | A Tweet by @tohluVELVET 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00413', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me Mistakes my mother made...RT @Cyntheeya Stories my father told me...RT @AimeeBFly @Cyntheeya just gassed! D house looks like a tornado tore it apart! Share | A Tweet by @AimeeBFly 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00414', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me RT @FactsOnGirlz Someone who really loves you sees what a mess u can be, how moody you can get, & how hard u are to handle but still wants you in their life Share | A Tweet by @thekhalkhalz 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00415', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me Tag @namasayabram RT@VirgoNation #Virgos have the hardest time opening up to love. When they do, they have the hardest time closing up to the one they fell for. Share | A Tweet by @yansunz 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00416', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me This the second time this week I then had a dream I got shot this time I ended up in a wheelchair! @LowKeyFreekieD I\'m sorry that shit happen bro I love you man! Share | A Tweet by @its_CGREENE 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00417', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me RT @Bible_Time RT @Sports_Greats No person was ever honored for what he received. Honor has been the reward for what he gave. -Calvin Coolidige Share | A Tweet by @sharon_cuneta12 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00418', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me Just got home, so tired... RT @senjakata Sore mbak @yanesthi @hemeraa_ @HelgaWorotitjan @atink_harini @vinabudiyanto @annesani Met Menghayati akhir pekan ... http //t.co/wIadX8MU Share | A Tweet by @HelgaWorotitjan 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00419', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me RT @travisbarker RT @Groupie_Life It\'s only 7 30 am and I\'m already ready to see @travisbarker bang shit tonight @transplantsband !!!!! #GiveTheDrummerSome Share | A Tweet by @HereticSlide 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00420', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me RT uh Bazinga Easy there gamer...don\'t get offended GLHF-DD #pwnd @Kevinbiss @Su_Nainz ummm I just read that you thought I didn\'t know what afk meant...... seriously Share | A Tweet by @Su_Nainz 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00421', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me Who said what. RT @NeoMokhesi Yet she claims she\'s an ambassador SMH RT @tea_do she shouldn\'t say things like there are alternative methods to ARVs, what are her hiv+... Share | A Tweet by @ntsako_m 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00422', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me RT @nazurazunn RT @autocorrects Oh a spider. You are tiny. I am a big person. I am a grown up. I can handle this. You are tiny. I am a big pe- OMG IT MOVED!! Share | A Tweet by @BalmunFilez 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00423', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me http //lockerz.com/s/182445677 I need yall help this morning. My cousin ran away help us find him he is the one on the right his name is Derrick he is 13y/o Last seen in Hawthorne,CA Share | A Tweet by @NikkyNOMinaj 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00424', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me Lool RT @ibrakadabra701 Oh gosh!!!.... faints ...alomo done kill me....RT @Tunde_dynasty Huh nigga say WHAT RT @ibrakadabra701 So ... http //t.co/YJpqgFWt Share | A Tweet by @Tunde_dynasty 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00425', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me Thank youuuu RT @Myrddin_Y_Wyllt #FollowFriday @survivors_bbc @reneepawlish @joshuajmark @damyantig @helgaworotitjan @gardenvibe @foxtrotcharlie1 Share | A Tweet by @HelgaWorotitjan 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00426', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me RT acct no cumin thru@jabakila Ok. Information received. RT @Fa001ti RTim short of cash @jabakila RT @XSTROLOGY Short on cash A ... http //t.co/HGg1lHom Share | A Tweet by @Fa001ti 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00427', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me Tanggerang coy...RT @alief_terakhir Mau touring kmne loe"@cktiw Dah libur aja..minggu ni gw mw touring.. D RT @haRi_cuTedeviL Dh maen malem aja qt @Adi_benQ Share | A Tweet by @cktiw 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00428', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me Amen oh RT @mi_myself_ai Why hurry na U\'ll soon be paid,at least by ur results RT TeeFos07 Been sleepin so much,I shld actually b gettin paid for dis Share | A Tweet by @TeeFos07 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00429', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me RT @justinhustle I hope all my followers can make it for @TONYROCK at @AnotherEnemyCLE today 3-6pm. PLUS Touch supper club taco truck! PLUS new GFY TEES! Share | A Tweet by @81smallz 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00430', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me RT @YahdieConscious Your Easter Weekend wardrobe should not be missing YC or GlamHEAD! Enjoy discounts, giveaways and FREE Mimosas at our trunk show! Share | A Tweet by @JamesBlackYC 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00431', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me RT @BitchItsVon WHY does every GAY nigga have to poke his lips out as if he\'s kissing somebody when he takes pics That\'s not cute at all so #StopIt Share | A Tweet by @colorME_Parris 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00432', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me RT @realeddieuptown Hey twitter fam ya need to check out my fam my friend @DomozWorld she is the best and I mean the best in the game look out for her worth it Share | A Tweet by @DomozWorld 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00433', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me Dude...I ain\'t fabricating anything..is so true..RT @BradleysEvents @princeneddu come on stop tarnishing the image of Zambia with fabricated & unverified stories about free sex in Zambia Share | A Tweet by @princeneddu 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00434', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me Yerr man RT @samela_samz Damn ! RT @VuyoTshangana_ Yhuuu! Wow! RT @TwiraGODESS I don\'t like Fat people,for some reason they don\'t get it / http //t.co/c86TCU3Q Share | A Tweet by @Camagu_Mayeye 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00435', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me Thanks darling.. Amen..God bless u too..xX RT @Lutelle_ @Ms_Adebowale My baby ! D Happy Birthday !! Hope you have a lovely day God bless Share | A Tweet by @Ms_Adebowale 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00436', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me RT @walkertheatre Madam C. J. Walker was America\'s first self-made female millionaire. This is AMERICAN history. Women\'s History. Not just Black history. Share | A Tweet by @ToniME6149 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00437', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me do ffb pls RT @lilmissbeebee Errrr....ummm.....RT Me_Lil_SainT but baby i tot ur love don\'t cost a thing RT @lilmissbeebee But money is ... http //t.co/KOq8yGy9 Share | A Tweet by @Me_Lil_SainT 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00438', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me 1ce in a lifetime RT @crazbeat Na wa RT @mystique_09 RT @UberFacts When a male honey bee climaxes during sex, his testicles explode and he dies. Share | A Tweet by @wadlife 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00439', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me RT @donnabrazile RT @samsteinhp Catholics United "President Obama has shown us that he is willing to rise above the partisan fray to deliver an actual policy solution" Share | A Tweet by @fridude 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00440', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me Ok d tampung yg lain gmn Bisa RT @vittaSDW YukkRT @widdaSN @Aripitpit @chichiar_ @vittaSDW @irmaafazarina @AldyBerlian minggu dpn bisa latihan ga Mumpu kalian pada Libur Share | A Tweet by @widdaSN 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00441', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me @onedirection the #OneThing I like to tell 1D is that I love them and that I\'m thankful for everything they\'ve done to my make life happier Share | A Tweet by @OlgaLoves1D 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00442', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me @radhiah94 sorry to disappoint u my dear frn but my all my body parts work aptly..veins,heart and brain do their job just right for what they are made for..! Share | A Tweet by @SoniaSingh_2605 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00443', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me Oncom aq krm lg foto lucu ya RT @ambar_luthu Koplaaaakkk koloooorrr becakkk. D || D || D p p @MirnaZainal @winda_yadi @andhatya Share | A Tweet by @MirnaZainal 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00444', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me CEO of clumsyville kalok wena chomam RT @tea_do I cut my knee didn\'t even realise till I saw blood I think I\'m like the only person who wears a plaster in a new place every week #clumsy Share | A Tweet by @Le_SoM 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00445', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me Apparently TWITTER is the suburbs and FACEBOOK is the township so with that said let me go 2 ekasi its been a minute! eish amagundwane man! Share | A Tweet by @LegodiRoots 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00446', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me Mandi colon doang ayyRT @bayshasha Boong bett p RT @AntooonP Aku jga mandi siii DRT @bayshasha Yg penting mandi sii p RT @AntooonP Mandi si mandi, cma mandi koboy Share | A Tweet by @AntooonP 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00447', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me RT @Samantha_Moss19 RT "@SebonyEmp I\'m 21 This Year .." You need to get your act together and act mature!! lool well some of us dnt need to grow anymore ayyy TREE LOL Share | A Tweet by @SebonyEmp 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00448', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me RT @mrBennyBanks RT @FariArtist Uncle Murders #StayScheming is Officially the Fuckin Best 1!!!! Listen 2 dat asap! Bitch You ent write my lyrics wid dat pen!! Hahah! Share | A Tweet by @MANSO_N1 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00449', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me Let goat bite U wit D luv oo lol RT @pwetty_barbie4 Yes it is called true love"@Sirmike009 Huh RT @pwetty_barbie4 Dats true luff laffin "@Sirmike009 M frnd jst escorted his GF .. Share | A Tweet by @Sirmike009 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00450', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me All the other kids with the pumped up kicks, you\'d better run, better run, outrun my gun. All the other kids with the pumped up kicks, you\'d better run, better run, faster than my bullet. #NP Share | A Tweet by @eriskaheryan 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00451', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me RT @adri_flo2 @Mar_Zaga @Ani_Mor92 @Mira_eya93 Girrrrl we riding solo dolo! Boom boom bam its about M.A.M.A\'s sticking togetherrrr. Bibleee! Share | A Tweet by @Ani_Mor92 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00452', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me I want christian RT @LittlecBeadles I don\'t have a valentine this year. I have 1.1 million valentines ; so on that note. Will you be my valentine Share | A Tweet by @AdindaRatihMT 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00453', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me RT @dembul06 If life doesn\'t give you what you want, it\'s time for you to learn how to enjoy what life gives you, no matter how small it is. Share | A Tweet by @santimut 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00454', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me LOL RT @itsWillyFerrell My parents accused me of being a liar. I looked them in the face and said, "Tooth fairy, Santa, Easter bunny" and walked away like a boss. Share | A Tweet by @BesaMiCullo2 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00455', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me Ewooo, dorothy af turned to a village geh \' ike okuko RT @dorothy_wayne Lmfao ur calling me tiny , anumpama RT @obianujuokeke Lol, oya shift, tiny ratRT @dorothy_wayne Lmao ur Fucked ... http //t.co/bwfiTn3n Share | A Tweet by @obianujuokeke 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00456', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me RT @Zinnufuss RT @EpicTweets_ I\'m not addicted to twitter. I only tweet when I have time lunch time, break time, this time, that time, any time, all the time. Share | A Tweet by @AmaleenaAmr 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00457', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me Yay! Its safe to say Soon RT @tha_Jubilee When is this date gonna b RT @ZamaLama I want @LuloCafe to play on my 21st birthday party.. . / Share | A Tweet by @ZamaLama 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00458', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me RT @Call_Me_Biodun RT @iRespectFemales #IfWeAreInARelationship everything i did to get you, im going to continue doing them to KEEP you. GUYS girls notice when you stop doing em Share | A Tweet by @thurpe 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00459', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me RT @babbababii Sunsets are most beautiful when U watch them with someone U love, & yet they are the saddest scenery created by God when U watch it alone Share | A Tweet by @_michix3 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00460', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me Sometimes I just don\'t feel like explaining myself. I can\'t be bothered. Especially if where you\'re coming from is not in the same hemisphere as what I\'m talking about. Share | A Tweet by @GlendaKayCaba 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00461', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me @seaguy11 @seanekkid @seanneedsitxxx @seanstormxxx @selektahbear @sex_addict_blog @sexematt @sexo_lucas thanx! Have a fab weekend all u studs! Share | A Tweet by @The_Marnich 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00462', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me RT @UsherRaymondIV Nothing makes me more happier then to know that though all that I go through, good or bad. I can get up, get out, & shut it down What a life Share | A Tweet by @julianahodinata 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00463', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me Good one RT @DondreWhitfield W/all these women out here w/o a man, the simple actin women who mistreat the GOOD 1\'s need to be on a reality show called #WutDaFuckRUDoin Share | A Tweet by @Moorebettabiz 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00464', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me http //lockerz.com/s/182447401 We always have the perfect moment with her. Can\'t imagine if there\'s no her w/ us,we luv u mommy @indahzakaria Share | A Tweet by @Ay_Permadi 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00465', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me RT @missladyash83 Hey twitter world I kinda miss u guys what\'s up with my twitter BFF\'s @flossy_60min @KhanYe_S -Hey doll lookin fly in ur avi Share | A Tweet by @flossy_60min 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00466', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me Lol @Kafie_A Weezy dissapear. RT @TheyCallMeWeezy Nd are u speaking from experience RT @Kafie_A U jus lost ur V RT @toyorsii That was painful Share | A Tweet by @Dammytoda 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00467', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me Hehe not yet -p RT @Mpume_K Haha ok tot u were perving again tlitlitli RT #TouchArroz akuyona icheri LMAO RT @Mpume_K Hehe ubaba ... http //t.co/HkfBABbG Share | A Tweet by @TouchArroz 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00468', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me @furiousstyles21 I\'m good cuz, busy as nowadays, loads 2 do and stuff on my mind. Ah the Wire, I miss that show, pure awesomeness. I remember WMD! Share | A Tweet by @MurdocTheKing 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00469', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me RT @XSTROLOGY RT @RealTaIk Its funny how I\'m good at giving advice to others but when it comes to helping myself, I don\'t know what to do... Share | A Tweet by @ohitsmearriane 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00470', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me Who RT @MrGetLiiKeMe She talked so much trash about the gays & doesn\'t know that her fiancee is one of them. Hope I\'m there when she finds out, lol. Share | A Tweet by @TheBrooklynDONN 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00471', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me Na wa! RT @iAmTope I love disRT @CrystleGee Watever spreads her legs RT @Tabsyyy Stop saying U love her when U just wanna have sex with her....!!! Share | A Tweet by @Tabsyyy 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00472', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me Hmm that u say thumps up RT @Di_Real_AcE #IfWeAreInARelationship I expect you to overlook my flaws, appreciate me for who I am & never try to mold into who am not! Share | A Tweet by @lisa_prettyeyes 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00473', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me @rileyatex @rimmerboy @ripenhairy @riscokidd @risquepics @riyadhbottom @robdbn @robertaxelxxx @robertsmiff thanx! Have a fab weekend all u studs! Share | A Tweet by @The_Marnich 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00474', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me RT @PiscesAreUs Although #Pisces might be impractical and somewhat uneasy with the real world, you are brave and prefer a lot of independence. Share | A Tweet by @tatymhd 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00475', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me Too late. Check your mail RT @Booblesa No kopa di divorce paper aseblief RT Keitu \'D FOK!! Yess,rather.. RT @MissKgori Keitu wena o rata ... http //t.co/x2XAE1NE Share | A Tweet by @KeituSeaketso 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00476', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me Sick ke, since wen RT @karenswanky nothin o. Av bin sick sha! RT @irepfwesh_boiz Wats bin happenin RT karenswanky am gud 2. RT cont http //t.co/jw7jH6Ey Share | A Tweet by @irepfwesh_boiz 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00477', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me RT @iQuoteFresh RT @iThinkEpic Hey Google............. Why don\'t you let me finish what I\'m typing before you start guessing after one letter.... Little cocky aren\'t we Share | A Tweet by @HollywoodStash 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00478', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me No Be Small Thing o RT @lawadz1 From pinishin to adult naa... RT @sexxymobiler Lmao oyon @ what age RT lawadz1 Eru ba o, mamuyon kii o ba laya keboje... RT @ugly4real Share | A Tweet by @ugly4real 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00479', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me Lmao "if curtis didn\'t want his wife filmed naked, he shouldn\'t have left the blinds open when he took her out of the wheelchair 2 change her diapers" Share | A Tweet by @LAGCITY_KIZZA 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00480', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me Wedding party\'a iis ndhutRT @cyberGM_ Acra apA RT @hennyTD Dtglaah duul gw, lo RT @maulanaiqhsan @hennyTD iyaa dikasih tau endah kok gue, dateng lo Share | A Tweet by @hennyTD 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00481', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me I knw u knw wat am tlkn bout. Lol! RT @MrRizzle Lmao RT @_LegsslikeWhoa This dude needs to gimme ma money inuh. Naa ramp wid him. Him don\'t want a family guy scene. Share | A Tweet by @_LegsslikeWhoa 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00482', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me RT @UsherRaymondIV I ain\'t complaining at all, don\'t get me wrong....It\'s amazing how unpredictable life can be...you make your best out of what you got. Share | A Tweet by @dnzre9 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00483', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me RT @Jb_ladybelieber RT @JBieberDope Me Want some more cheese on that pizza Justin;.. Me .. Justin Get out of mai kitchen! Me so no more cheese... Share | A Tweet by @Joellee_xo 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00484', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me Masih hectic momy, aku melemburrrrrrrrRT @nentyeka bobo, bsk miting pagi di bandung lanjut d cianjur... enie_anyun ek ngilu k bdg isuk2 jam 6 ti bekasi heheheheee Share | A Tweet by @enie_anyun 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00485', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me RT @karrbeauty your welcome - Good morning! & my baby loves me, he brought me breakfast.. Lol. I needed this! Thank you @jaelusk !! http //t.co/3EmfyfzN Share | A Tweet by @jaelusk 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00486', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me He does fa. But I think it is because we are not celebrating his absurdities. RT @4yusuf Is it just me or does GEJ address us the Nation like recalcitrant teens @jamilamimi @uwarquadAs @madamAbdul Share | A Tweet by @uwarquadAs 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00487', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me He will never be great.. #06shrug RT @Wanna_Rumble Let that man be great. Lmao RT @PYT_in_Pearls19 s/o to the Omega in business attire & gold boots. Share | A Tweet by @BathingApe06 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00488', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me Nna mme I wouldn\'t ! RT @loraese Akere RT @Miles_Nsala public indecency hahaha RT loraese In mall. O____O RT @_Mpho Tryina baps RT ... http //t.co/F6jTfoLm Share | A Tweet by @Miles_Nsala 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00489', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me Wahh... Sy krg tw th..ble d tny sm yg ud pro @scraphyz haha RT @susitin90 Yg kk gmn cc Wkwkk RT @wellapatrisca Mksd na nyabu yg laen loh! Haha RT @susitin90 Awww ketahuan cc ... http //t.co/IGrALuBf Share | A Tweet by @wellapatrisca 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00490', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me Apaa apaa apaaRT @tinzdolpin Ini si helm @Stepeenn RT @BallerinaJe Who\'s helm RT @tinzdolpin @BallerinaJe ` jgn lupa ajak si helm.. Hahahha.." Share | A Tweet by @Stepeenn 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00491', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me Yu no smell cat lol...RT @HayWhy_Tops why house I smell a rat... Lol "@IAr3Barbi3 I dey @hypatekficient house, e done tell u b4 "@pinkyyooh @IAr3Barbi3 were in nig are u "" Share | A Tweet by @hypatekficient 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00492', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me RT @UsherRaymondIV Nothing makes me more happier then to know that though all that I go through, good or bad. I can get up, get out, & shut it down What a life Share | A Tweet by @sleekmic 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00493', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me now puttin d catarrh in ur mouth RT @_ohyeendah U don vex Oya tk tissue... Lool.. RT @bukolareis All of u protectin ur tweets... U mustu eat it ooh ..shioor!!! Share | A Tweet by @bukolareis 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00494', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me Yh jus looked at it again in international love video...its nice RT @Super_Naeto Exactly what I was saying!! RT @ms_funmie Chirs\' blonde hair doesn\'t look so bad enimore" Share | A Tweet by @ms_funmie 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00495', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me RT @TheLoveStories When GOD takes away something from your hand, dont think He\'s punishing you, Hes merely emptying ur hand, for u to receive something BETTER. Share | A Tweet by @Lolly_cinta 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00496', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me Pls I won\'t RT @Len_Rie Den STOP flirtn!!!! RT @abusua_TIKI Don\'t do that RT @Len_Rie Ok.. plannin a divorce RT @abusua_TIKI cont http //t.co/xSg3R0De Share | A Tweet by @abusua_TIKI 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00497', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me LOL RT @ibrahimroc U shud cc jay-z na lol m just a fan RT @BrInGiN_SeXyBaC So Blue Ivy\'s name has been trademarked Hiss waste of money Cc @ibrahimroc LOL Share | A Tweet by @BrInGiN_SeXyBaC 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00498', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me RT @Kevin_AnR_Shine RT @DMVDJs RT @Kevin_AnR_Shine God will always show u the victory! if u show him discipline! REMEMBER. IMPATIENT MINDS TAKE WRONG TURNS Share | A Tweet by @Laid_back_black 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00499', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me Lmao tan vieja! RT @BonjourBelle_ I\'m almost there, 7 more years for me lmao RT @VieEnRosexO Honestly I\'m tired of people\'s bullshit, I rather be alone until I\'m fucking 25. Share | A Tweet by @VieEnRosexO 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00500', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me @Scott_Aye @VinnyVirgo420 @MdotKING @Yungbub hey also get familiar with @driibaby420 and her blog @thebestmieux ! Mieux is going to be the Tampa bay areas premier blog Share | A Tweet by @Rod_MileFlyClub 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00501', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me | RT @tobdon ^__________^ RT Mystique_em All my life I\'ve always spent every valentines day alone and I am not dead .. . ../ ... Share | A Tweet by @Mystique_em 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00502', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me RT @iiSashaAS_ RT @SheaaSG Sex in the badroom, sex on the Floor, sex in the Living room & sex on the store, sex in the elevator. Ring the alarm! Share | A Tweet by @JacquelinHanifa 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00503', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me Lol RT @ItsLifeNotes RT @GirIFacts Whatever you get for Valentines Day, be GRATEFUL. There\'s females out there that will only be getting "FWD" texts. Share | A Tweet by @Linkin_ej 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00504', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me RT @theBlu_truth A "Lotus Flower Bomb" is a girl with original beauty No MAKE UP ambitious, seeking for greatness, humble and loving. #Fact" stolentweet@K_so_dash Share | A Tweet by @K_so_dash 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00505', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me RT @DroughtHustla @4thAssassin @COPYWRITE real shyt --Give someone just a little power and shit goes right to the head. Power is like a drug Share | A Tweet by @4thAssassin 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00506', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me Akere u must 1st prove a point to me to win my trust RT @mapaseka22 Bana ke bana. Ha bana sebe hao RT @narriage If o hlolea ho bontsa nna pelo bana baka bona RT @mapaseka22 Ho baneng Share | A Tweet by @narriage 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00507', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me Yho I haven\'t watched it in weeks....lol who\'s spokes now RT @ShottaZee Spokes shot her ko madaeseng. RT @kamo_02 RT @Lvlora What happened to Nicki now 0_0 #RhythmCity Share | A Tweet by @kamo_02 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00508', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me I\'m doing it myself. Hehehe RT @tha_Jubilee I must still confirm with the fam if I\'m havin mine!RT @ZamaLama Yay! Its safe to say Soon RT @tha_Jubilee ... http //t.co/O0vMTa9n Share | A Tweet by @ZamaLama 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00509', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me RT @lillananda The real hero di harry potter itu bukan anak-anak hogwarts, bukan Harry, atau Ron atau Hermione. Bukan Dumbledore. Tapi Severus Snape. Share | A Tweet by @nabilaannisaAZ 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00510', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me RT @str8edgeracer Better yourself daily with one small change or improvement and don\'t be concerned with what comes down the road. Focus on \'being\' better now Share | A Tweet by @AleeMazing 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00511', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me RT @UsherRaymondIV I love those who can smile in trouble, who can gather strength from distress, and grow brave by reflection...better yourself from yesterday! Share | A Tweet by @kountdubbula 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00512', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me I knw dis....... RT @Linkin_ej As how ! My genes wnt even support it! RT @hill2ore U berra not! RT @Linkin_ej I can\'t fit to dull! RT ... http //t.co/zCYUGH6G Share | A Tweet by @hill2ore 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00513', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me RT @bowGMAR RT @itsaJAZZYworld Every mornin I thank god for waking my son, myself, and my fam up. Rather its on twitter or to my to myself, he knows just how thankful I am Share | A Tweet by @LiseONdemand 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00514', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me Hallelujah Amen!!! RT @_Onochie_ One day they\'ll talk about me like they are doing right now about Stephan and Damon.. 3-| .... My breakthrough shall come. Share | A Tweet by @Chidimma_CR7_ 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00515', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me Hai, who wants to usew that name, but then again Beyonce stans nhe RT @MusaMMXII And they just trademarked shims name RT Renegade100 Duuuuude! Like Blue And Ivy Hai! RT @MusaMMXI Blue Ivy is such a stupid name. Share | A Tweet by @Renegade100 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00516', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me need probs to get the path of understanding RT @uzomachuk A good relationship doesn\'t need any promises, terms or conditions, just two ppl who can trust and understand. Share | A Tweet by @Nerdiva_ 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00517', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me RT @Mekii_DaBoss If you can\'t learn anything from your friends cuz you already know everything they know ya\'ll probably aren\'t friends in the 1st place Share | A Tweet by @shaba_singh 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00518', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me I\'m your biggest fanRT @EricWhitacre Just arrived in Los Angeles for the Soaring leap workshop on Saturday and the Grammys on Sunday. Cannot believe how warm it is here! Share | A Tweet by @hermanull88 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00519', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me RT @alyssameizar RT @autocorrects Oh a spider. You are tiny. I am a big person. I am a grown up. I can handle this. You are tiny. I am a big pe- OMG IT MOVED!! Share | A Tweet by @elizabethhtjlu 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00520', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me Sowie hun, I ws jst jealoux > D RT @lannifresh Go away jor //_ RT @Tousche7 ___/ wait here for him "@lannifresh @MI_Abaga is gonna b my val date........yipeeee!" Share | A Tweet by @Tousche7 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00521', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me RT @keellymichellex RT @ThemBoysThat She\'s jealous because she\'s afraid you\'ll find someone prettier, smarter, taller, skinnier, calmer, stronger, and better than her. Share | A Tweet by @lekkerelaraxm 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00522', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me RT @Imtengkusophia #didyouknow @TengkuSophia itu dulu account MILIK SAYA but di hack sama @syasurya and @iqballsyasyurya and now mereka udh TUTUP ACCOUNT! Share | A Tweet by @helty_octavia 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00523', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me People irritate me who don\'t use the word \'cringe\' in the right type of sentence E.G. "Omg look what she just done cringe" no shutup its "omg year 7\'s cringe!" Jesus if your gonna say it, say it right! Share | A Tweet by @shanTWhallx 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00524', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me RT @ernestadiq "Where the Spirit of the Lord is, there is liberty." 2 Corinthians 3 17 & "My body is the temple of the Holy Spirit." 1 Corinthians 6 19 Share | A Tweet by @phantaziaa 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00525', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me RT @riadeestriana Iloveyoutoo sayang RT @erwandasyah Goodnight to sayang, love love love you RT @riadeestriana Goodnight my @erwandasyah Share | A Tweet by @erwandasyah 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00526', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me Na d other way round... As I show na hin Mr. Kabiru show...RT @mexykoh @ciaafonja I dey lag oooo.Hp no b say u go help boko haram improve dier security ooo Share | A Tweet by @ciaafonja 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00527', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me Next is a penis flick. Ewwwww! RT @ItsMisoFly I met a guy Tuesday night & today he sent me a picture of him working out, & he has a six pack.. #TurnedOff Share | A Tweet by @DopeGirlJin 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00528', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me RT @iThinkEpic RT @iQuoteFresh I changed all my passwords to "incorrect" So whenever I forget and try random ones, websites will tell me "Your password is incorrect." Share | A Tweet by @shuggare 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00529', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me RT @JBieberDope RT @MustachioBieber Stupid people Judge Justin on his mistake, beliebers look Only at his perfections..which is everything. Share | A Tweet by @Joellee_xo 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00530', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me http //lockerz.com/s/182450474 RT @Mavin_ RT @Mr_AllErGicTo I tire 4 these eggs ooh RT @kk_richards Lol...RT @jannac0 Yes dear RT @kk_richards @Mr_ http //t.co/qCz63Pt4 Share | A Tweet by @Mr_AllErGicTo 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00531', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me Oke fine RT @otrimarlian Iyain aja deh biar cepet p RT @cynthiakjh Oke mas lebih freak T @otrimarlian Iyo samo samo mba freak p RT ... http //t.co/tNFUL2vb Share | A Tweet by @cynthiakjh 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00532', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me Can you make the list of retired pornstars Jenny hendrix, olivia o\'lovely and who else RT @Brazzers Which retired pornstar would you like to come back Share | A Tweet by @gdsampurno 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00533', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me RT @UsherRaymondIV I love those who can smile in trouble, who can gather strength from distress, and grow brave by reflection...better yourself from yesterday! Share | A Tweet by @Zaarrah 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00534', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me RT @pisakisses Goes down as one of my best tweets this year RT @ntsikimazwai Be gentle with the other children- u dnt have a ... http //t.co/lrhqsh66 Share | A Tweet by @ntsikimazwai 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00535', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me But u aint losing me na... But was very tired as of wen I repliedRT @Amchizzy Smile nah. I no wan lose u abeg @pippohqash Guess u were busy...I\'m fine too"Amchizzy My dear no vex o! I cont http //t.co/WfsXikfp Share | A Tweet by @pippohqash 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00536', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me My mama dey house RT @neray_wizzle U are fucking Who u fucking @ home, make ur mama catch u RT @seancaxton Am fucking @ homeRT @neray_wizzle Where d fuck u @ @seancaxton Share | A Tweet by @seancaxton 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00537', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me RT @HTA_BSCB http //t.co/DMqUudse dnt be the 1 person without it..#IGotIt #BlackStorm #BlackYear #AKERE @Boit2_baby @IAreLerato @JayZClassicBars..RT Share | A Tweet by @uno_the_prez 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00538', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me False. Braaing> deep frying>oven baking RT @T1mbles RT @remythequill When it comes to chicken oven baking > braaing > deep frying > stir frying > boiling. Share | A Tweet by @Just_J_A_Y 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00539', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me Wes gue getoh ahaha RT @albert_sbastian wkwkwk... kreatip yee... RT @hananilawee Laik dhis yoo D RT @albert_sbastian do not conformed to this world, but http //t.co/Cg7RovC Share | A Tweet by @hananilawee 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00540', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me _ RT @otrimarlian Thank you RT @cynthiakjh Oke fine RT @otrimarlian Iyain aja deh biar cepet p RT @cynthiakjh Oke mas lebih ... http //t.co/8BLV0f6i Share | A Tweet by @cynthiakjh 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00541', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me Akakakakaaka RT @adeirawanlubis Wew RT @fitrahodom Slmt mlm pak,maaf d periksa sbntr XDRT @arrieafrian On the way buddy woohoo... RT @adeirawanlubis Wkwkwk RT @chikodjin Share | A Tweet by @chikodjin 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00542', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me Itu recent update tuadiii siang teh...pending kli ya RT @nuritaheidy Bkn ny td d rmh, kok skg d donatelo RT @cilikk I\'m at Donatelo Jl. Kawi Atas, Malang http //t.co/xEXPotLF Share | A Tweet by @cilikk 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00543', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me RT @HTA_BSCB If u haven\'t heard @blackstormteam has a single #IGotIt.. Crazy song http //t.co/DMqUudse tell ur friends..nd retweet if u like the track!! Share | A Tweet by @uno_the_prez 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00544', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me RT @DrJaysStores #FollowFiftyFridays @50cent @smsaudio @angeljmartinez @DJPaulyD @MayatheB @StreetKing @lloydbanks @corentin@tonyyayo @thisis50 @DrJaysStores Share | A Tweet by @MayatheB 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00545', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me RT @3R_RICHIERACKZ RT @AntiStoopid #WhatMenShouldKnow it\'s not easy opening up to people, so don\'t betray her trusts if she confides in you. Share | A Tweet by @LikeAGSupposeTo 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00546', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me RT @SayingsForGirls No matter how many times a girl denies it, she\'ll always remember every detail, moment & piece of the memories you\'ve left her. Share | A Tweet by @nolilianda 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00547', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me http //lockerz.com/s/182450908 Cheyenne the only female player on the field, got the ball and surrounded! Kiaat ready to get out of there! . @tracybadenhorst Share | A Tweet by @Tracybadenhorst 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00548', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me I wonder how other people think about my tweets Pls don\'t reply me. Keep it in your heart. Unmentioned pun jangan! nanti saya terasa. Hahaha ; Share | A Tweet by @arifishak 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00549', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me Hehehehe RT @Alhayrie Oh really RT @bukkney All of ya,boxers aint cheap.durrrhRT @Ariyobell RT @mr_dosh RT @qisher RT @Alhayrie ... http //t.co/C9GtPULg Share | A Tweet by @mr_dosh 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00550', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me RT @tasyafara RT @WizKhalllifa Find someone worth your tears, worth your laughter, worth your heart and who loves you as much as you love them. Share | A Tweet by @BettyTitawano 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00551', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me RT @damnitstrue It\'s weird when you\'re reading something thinking it\'s a certain gender, and then you find out it was written by the opposite gender. Share | A Tweet by @Kastowoo 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00552', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me Famzullahi! Bt MI am Mosuro\'s incredible RT @o_mua Ok.first ff back RT @MI_Abaga Ok... If u don\'t have a boyfriend or a date for the 14th.. And ur an Share | A Tweet by @Teemos1 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00553', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me RT @Oprah_World RT @Godly_Life He was crushed for our iniquities; the punishment that brought us peace was upon him, & by his wounds we are healed. -Isa 53 5 Share | A Tweet by @sandypek 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00554', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me RT @BBCR4Feedback Two new series of @ambridgeextra! What do you say to that Some listener thoughts on today\'s prog - tweet us yours http //t.co/4ZOku7wZ Share | A Tweet by @pollypanad 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00555', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me I hate to keep asking my mama for money uhhhh ! It makes me feel guilty lol but I need to get out the house . Maybe my sis can help @MsLucyB88 lol Share | A Tweet by @lovelyypinkk_ 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00556', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me Pastinyaaahhhh ~ ~ ~ ~ RT @TasyaZubir Hariii yg ckup mlelahkn !! Thanks for 2day my lovely sisthaa @mentarifebri next kitaa sooopppiing lagiiihh.. D Share | A Tweet by @mentarifebri 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00557', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me Aisshhh I want it oppa RT @HOTHOTTEST [Trans] @Khunnie0624 I\'m curious which one u will get the sweet chocolate from me~ ^^ |@2pmalways Share | A Tweet by @siskafr19 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00558', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me TrueStory! RT @zintlemakeng About 400 ppl were retrenched within the Absa IT dept today! N there\'s still more to come...it\'s going to be a tough year for many.. Share | A Tweet by @Slor_thips 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00559', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me Cos I\'m happy D. RT @AwesomeKEED Why are u wiggling RT @MsMimie_Tarfa Wiggle, wiggle, wiggle, wiggle, wiggle yeah Wiggle, wiggle,wiggle, wiggle, ... http //t.co/GPTTolej Share | A Tweet by @MsMimie_Tarfa 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00560', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me RT @yetundeomooba RT @OfficialKojo Can u believe I saw a man slap his girl in d face, I went over and threw him off her & D b!tch started hitting me! #WOMEN Prob Jamaican lol Share | A Tweet by @Mack_Loving 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00561', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me p RT @Cyntheeya Idiat..RT @AimeeBFly Mistakes my mother made...RT @Cyntheeya Stories my father told me...RT @AimeeBFly ... http //t.co/zz15zUgd Share | A Tweet by @AimeeBFly 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00562', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me Lol mxm RT @KingGeniuz whispers I hate BB, LOL RT @UrGirl_B Get a BB already RT KingG this new tweeter is causing a lot of mistakes for me. I miss my iPhone. Share | A Tweet by @UrGirl_B 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00563', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me RT @_ImmaZoe #FF #F4F #1000ADay #TeamHaiti #ProudHaitian #TFB @JuicyChokola @MissElyseEllie @ImDesPain @FaizyJones @melootaughtme @ZoeBoii89 Share | A Tweet by @MissElyseEllie 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00564', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me RT @KINGFATTA Sat Feb 18th Follow My Bro @Mr_Egalite Inside Of VIP Bar and Grill President & Nostrand For A Night Called "I\'m So Proud Of You Share | A Tweet by @Mr_Egalite 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00565', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me It was on the live radio! RT @Haish305 @JByrd305 RT @whosdatgyrl Tune in to #Hot105 fm at 11 50am!!! #EE didn\'t hear it. I\'m streaming online Share | A Tweet by @whosdatgyrl 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00566', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me Who is this doe RT @iamReags @Madtzoo @_Bonga ""D her RT @ncamphy @Mr_Modise uyarocker baby I like ur sunglases @ncamphay http //t.co/MfVSrChN Share | A Tweet by @Madtzoo 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00567', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me RT @VIPpremium This man has options for Valentines Day and he cant go wrong! Which way is he leaning @D_BLEXICANO @VIP_Dee FEISTY_ANA http //t.co/SjSWZHf6 Share | A Tweet by @FEISTY_ANA 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00568', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me Ha emergency Activist RT @moamali Cum \'revolution Lady\'"@tysalihu Hmm RT @dejavu234 @tysalihu Now following shoe seller and intelligent lawyer.. please follow back " Share | A Tweet by @tysalihu 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00569', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me related to BigFoot RT @Innocensia Babies don\'t have facial hair TP_McPhly @Innocensia dude, I\'m a baby....well,depends on what you call a baby" Share | A Tweet by @TP_McPhly 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00570', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me RT @Blackstorm_ST The hustle is never over..its a #BlackYear #AKERE ..thanks to those who supported, still supporting and are still going to support #IGotIt Share | A Tweet by @uno_the_prez 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00571', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me picks race RT @Miss_mistiq hmm angry RT @coolestryder_ Gbeborun RT @opeadepoju_ Can\'t wait to see how this would unfold Cc @coolestryder_ @silkytommy lolzzz Share | A Tweet by @coolestryder_ 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00572', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me Big boli oRT @pweetiepink Daaddy!boli for ur only daughter,I\'m disappointed!"@thommie08 Oya come & tak boli RT @pweetiepink Hungry much!!!!!!" Share | A Tweet by @thommie08 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00573', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me Lol that bustard RT @WabzLandu @azowstik haha i was exactly what i thought.. as soon as he said \'far far away\' my mind went \'bladdy liar\' haha Share | A Tweet by @azowstik 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00574', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me It should stay that way!! RT @proxifive Nothing RT @blu_z How little u know about me!! @proxifive Hehehehe I like to play with u & u seem to fall it @blu_z Share | A Tweet by @blu_z 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00575', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me #DuelyNoted RT @segigun Beyond this place of wrath and tears Looms but the Horror of the shade, And yet the menace of the years Finds and shall find me unafraid. Share | A Tweet by @Magna_nimous 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00576', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me Min...kpn gogumas mw nge spazz RT @Yongseo_Indo Thank you for 51 episodes of the best love story ever. For us, Yongseo is real. For us, Yongseo will last forever. #YongSeo2ndAnniversary Share | A Tweet by @BlackDandelion 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00577', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me My fridge aint never empty lol RT @JayDaRealest Bet he won\'t twit pic his empty fridge tho RT @herMouth_MyDick @Bobfrmmarketin @JayDaRealest Lmfaoooo Share | A Tweet by @Bobfrmmarketin 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00578', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me \'\' RT @CheriFlavour Lmfao ek wens hy was MY pa RT @Trich_Lynn My dad was like shud I bring u ciders,I was like uhm awkward / then ... http //t.co/uXxnnzzt Share | A Tweet by @Trich_Lynn 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00579', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me I wna marry u RT @ijebu_geh I like u tew! RT @iamyesboss clears throat @ijebu_geh I Like You! | RT @Edoboy_1 When you like someone tell them . #DontDull Share | A Tweet by @STUART_iAmHe 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00580', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me Haha....more off ma ff need to chq this out RT @MentionTo Tired of your tiny breasts Make them look bigger! Here s the natural way to bigger boobs! ^^ http //t.co/ey1dm4hT - spon Share | A Tweet by @itzNuksblaze 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00581', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me Ke ngwana Motsepe..RT @Sesi_Sugarplum I wonder o mofeng Cc @LesegoPhiri @DJTyra RT @TrendsJoBurg \'lesego\' is now trending in #Johannesburg http //t.co/Xsw2EMTP Share | A Tweet by @DJTyra 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00582', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me fnx! U\'re a boss now RT @MsHavilayh Hehehe...gess u 4got who u wie talkn 2...apology acceptd tho RT @ighomishael Am sorry! plsss RT cont http //t.co/Ypa1vSAy Share | A Tweet by @ighomishael 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00583', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me RT @JayMoody_ #onthecornerstone d @jaymoody_ @maybachmoody @djtone720 @djnasteenaj @iammsdukes @americankgd Fridays 8-10 pm est UERADIOLIVE.COM Share | A Tweet by @MsMissy608 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00584', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me Cause the person who owns that phone is hot. Hotness is contagious. LOL JK, all new blackberries are like that. RT @YaraHowar Why is my phone so hot.. Share | A Tweet by @LynnAbdulaziz 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00585', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me RT @CodySimpson RT @KimGaLuShA Getting ready for the best day of my life. #WelcomeToParadise with my besties @Fangirling4Cody and @iYiYiLoveCody44 3 Share | A Tweet by @Mariana0896 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00586', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me tryn to decode d words RT @HuRrIcAnEeKiSs Chineke ekwena ihe ojo RT@Cyntheeya I think its high time i mute dis ochonganaoko..Cc @IamAkara" Share | A Tweet by @kuche23 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00587', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me LMAO LOL LOL LOL noooooo the atm RT @Ntomby_Hadebe Hahahahaha RT @Didi_Seloyi Hahahahahahaha RT @ncamphy @SneshM @ncamphy plz cal me nyc gal http //t.co/XMYvDrm5 Share | A Tweet by @ZehSu 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00588', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me RT @ashish_bhagwat RT @icarmagic Both FB & Twitter started with no money and a single computer. Idea\'s are worth something but solid execution is priceless. #GoForIt Share | A Tweet by @sanoojk 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00589', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me Shout out to da real puppets out there like @PeanutLive215 . Bull not followin me doe dats corny as shit. Da streets aint goin like dat ctfu Share | A Tweet by @Brizzy215 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00590', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me Venice RT @TripAdvisor If cost were no object, I\'d take my loved one to _____ on Valentine\'s Day. TA/USA Today Poll South Pacific island 35% http //t.co/ZjbX3jIG Share | A Tweet by @PearlyAngeline 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00591', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me Bitch want 2 dance with u in the club an put her arm around ya neck with Mad hair under her shit Bitch shave it u wearing a shirt with no sleeves Share | A Tweet by @Bcgang_nook 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00592', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me RT @TonyYayo RT @DatPiffMixtapes [Dropping Feb 14th] @TonyYayo #ElChapo2 Hosted by @DJSuperstarJay http //t.co/mwOPGMSu powered by @DatPiffMixtapes Share | A Tweet by @bigbigguy 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00593', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me One direction wkwkwk RT @Debora_Rose Ap th 1D "@iyemtunz @Debora_Rose @winnybrigita @jeanepaull nnti dia bawa anak" 1D loh deb ke mimpi lu wkakakkak" Share | A Tweet by @iyemtunz 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00594', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me @lanreBILLZjr I\'m glad I do babes.. RT @mystique2060 @lanreBILLZjr @MentionTo #MentionTo your friend who\'s good at making you laugh. Share | A Tweet by @mystique2060 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00595', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me RT @BieberRockItUp RT @BlackBeliebery Anyone else wants be listed in my list that i\'m giving to One Direction in March RT this if you do Must follow me first Share | A Tweet by @Joellee_xo 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00596', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me @Sevon_Langston @aka_uniqua @sevon_langston. Now sevon why u lying already member he had the leo lion tattted on his stomach and he aint want me to see he claimed it was messed up lol Share | A Tweet by @Simply_Ress02 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00597', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me Omg this girl at my job is so sweet, but I don\'t like herrr!! She\'s sooo annoying! I hate working w/ her. But I would love to get drinks w/ her! Share | A Tweet by @shanah312 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00598', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me Cc@hAle_ee@PalesaMoyo@AngelaReyMoss RT @TheNoteboook RT @FillWerrelI Friendship is like peeing on yourself... Everyone can see it, but only you get the warm feeling that it brings. Share | A Tweet by @m_hle 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00599', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me Noo, one big BLAACK greedy bastard custom officer, only if I had a gun sha RT @Owy_xy Lmao! Your boss RT @1dibe This man is really mad, very unfortunate he is not roaming.. hiss Share | A Tweet by @1dibe 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00600', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me RT @Tyga_YMCMB RT @DrakeYMCMB_ Laugh until your body aches, cry until you start to shake, live like the world is yours to take, love as though your heart won\'t break. Share | A Tweet by @x__Robinn 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00601', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me @randyaria noo.. I think dia ank org kaya.. Cause he tweets sorry father for using our family name for fanboying.. Press biasa doank ga mgkn bs sampe duduk bareng exec kbs Share | A Tweet by @aaaaustin 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00602', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me Lol, I lyk it bt as a funny song nt a good song!RT @abdul_umar @maims_luv honestly I heard the song over the radio yesterday and I tot it was quite shit! Ur friend @Kadiba90 seemed to love it.... Smh Share | A Tweet by @maims_luv 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00603', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me I disagree! Cos wen u look after the penny, the Pound wld look after itself RT @amasonic RT @seyitaylor Revised saying you can\'t do million-dollar projects with thousand-naira mind. Share | A Tweet by @godsonmadu 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00604', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me Stuff! Come get urs b4 its all gone oh! RT @Evelicious_Diva Wow! Glad u had fun..wat did u brng bck na RT @MisturrK9 Oh ok. Twas great. Really great RT cont http //t.co/AKnA9H8h Share | A Tweet by @MisturrK9 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00605', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me RT @ColouredGospel Somewhere in Cape Town a Coloured man is sitting on a \'kus\' right now with a \'kanala\' packet of smokes in his pocket. And that,is The Gospel Share | A Tweet by @Trich_Lynn 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00606', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me RT @NigeriaNewsdesk FG has set up a committee to verify the 350bn claim said to be its indebtedness to states on the maintenance of federal roads. Share | A Tweet by @Kevintohbad 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00607', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me RT @EvaAlordiah Oh shit! I hate seeing stray Dogs. It breaks my heart. Someday I hope to run an animal shelter.. Really""" u stay in a country were ppl Are suffering but u hope to help The fucking DOGs SMH Share | A Tweet by @elijah138 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00608', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me RT my tummy o @OneMrChaps aww what is wrong RT @naanaliscious RT nt well OneMrChaps am kul hun..u RT @naanaliscious RT hey dear sup OneMrChaps @naanaliscious Share | A Tweet by @naanaliscious 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00609', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me RT @cintacenatcenut Thank u all crew and cast. Hari ini shooting terakhir CCC 2. Buat #ccclovers jng lupa utk nonton CCC 2 tiap sabtu yah! Enjoy the show Share | A Tweet by @hestyririany 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00610', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me RT @SayingsForGirls You ignore me, but I like you. You do nothing, but I fall for you, I miss you, even though I know you\'ve never thought about me. Share | A Tweet by @ieLa_Nordin 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00611', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me Nah..u my sons favorite son @Itz_Beanz_Ho U wanna b like me riiiii RT @ScoTtie_2hoTie S da D tho! Itz_Beanz_Ho @ScoTtie_2hoTie u wanna shake or sumthin Share | A Tweet by @ScoTtie_2hoTie 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00612', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me Lmao!!! Perfect weddin dress @Don_cricheton_P Dammy, what is this "@alolimad46 @WenDiiLaMii @Don_cricheton_P nice right...perfect for yewande p http //t.co/k3Nrk6nc" Share | A Tweet by @mystique2060 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00613', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me Lumayan RT @aisyahtd haha sakit RT @aldienXhunter Jahat yyak . RT @aisyahtd ^ >_ RT @aldienXhunter Oraa oraa ca... http //t.co/tyu3gleO Share | A Tweet by @aldienXhunter 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00614', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me RT @ZaZa_85 A good life is when you assume nothing, do more, need less, smile often, dream big, laugh a lot and realize how blessed you are. Share | A Tweet by @Jody4president 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00615', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me IssoraiRT @Agbessitomisin Its gets d peps GOING..."@vahldesiah You mean PROVOCATIVERT @Agbessitomisin cos its PROVAGATIVE....no its noT...it gets d people Going..." Share | A Tweet by @vahldesiah 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00616', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me RT @KHABONINA_Q RT it feels greeeeeat!! @_SammySA @KHABONINA_Q http //t.co/uziilgYJ that looks painful though, you on someone\'s back like that... YOH!! Share | A Tweet by @KHABONINA_Q 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00617', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me 1st collect sal.RT @Ollllyyyxxxx Sometimes what u expecting isn\'t what u get. Taking 2steps backward n 10 step fwd isn\'t a bad idea @ this point Share | A Tweet by @ubiero 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00618', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me RT @attitude_aries RT @MarryMe_Marie Relationships are overrated and being single is not all cool. I dont know which I want. Single for now though. Share | A Tweet by @_BowLeggBarbie 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00619', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me RT @PabiMoloi Jason Derulo- I\'d Fight For You. RT @paul_za @PabiMoloi Help!! Who sings the new Toto - Africa remix track you guys have been playing Share | A Tweet by @kekana12 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00620', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me I not even goin mention u LOL! RT @MentionTo Tired of your tiny breasts Make them look bigger! Here s the natural way to bigger boobs! ^^ http //t.co/ey1dm4hT - spon Share | A Tweet by @waddytweets 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00621', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me RT @KareemRush Just told my agent im ready to play, going to go the d league route to get some good run, havent been seen in over 2yrs gotta prove myself Share | A Tweet by @BJLaflin 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00622', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me Thanks a lot GOD, family, friends and my beloved rend love you all hopefully now or in the next year and I am a woman who is more mature and successful ameen Share | A Tweet by @darna_lenni 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00623', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me RT @THEMINDOFMK RT @ManchesterHypes @THEMINDOFMK @ZdotProductions NEW VIDEO me and my lil bro goin in #CenileFreestyle http //t.co/DyLWE56n pls RT Share | A Tweet by @ManchesterHypes 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00624', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me You have a wrong statement brother !! Ckck you should go home and take a look how\'s sweet he is RT @Dont_Analyse @adindaester ha! speaking your mind out is a good thing to do, keeping emon in home is a bad thing to do Share | A Tweet by @adindaester 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00625', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me ;- RT @kingbritt Yo @urucker @lilybellair King Britt-A day in a life. "..It\'s about enjoying all that sweet goodness the sun has to bring us-each day..." Share | A Tweet by @lilybellair 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00626', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me RT @KatCapilla "@PiscesAreUs #Pisces has a difficult relationship with #Gemini,#Virgo,#Sagittarius." couldnt agree more. -im a Pisces stay the fuk away from Virgos 2! Lmao Share | A Tweet by @MsT_ifyanasty 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00627', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me Ronald Lamola is joke to be honestly, the way he dress, speak,his visionary leadership. I am full member of the org, I will support him@TholiBSA, Share | A Tweet by @MonarchZar 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00628', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me Idk imma text u RT @_Jamarielena We\'re to RT @a_phase YES! RT @_Jamarielena We out Lmao RT @a_phase The last time I went cont http //t.co/Abl5kMBu Share | A Tweet by @a_phase 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00629', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me rme so wat i s it RT @o2dc X_x nt really ma\'am @Tomzylee Addict Alert!!! @o2dc That moment when you gatto do sumfn serious, but you don\'t wanna get off twiiter. x Share | A Tweet by @Tomzylee 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00630', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me RT @justinbieber spread the word...right now we are underdogs to come back and win this thing. NEVER SAY NEVER!! spread the word. VOTE - http //t.co/cRNBimn7 Share | A Tweet by @gotheBIEBERway 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00631', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me You not fun @SenzyM Nooooo!!! RT Thobzin_12 Plzzzzz RT Senz NOoooo!!!! RT Thobzin_12 Can I tweet urz Senz #TweetYourShoeSize ungadidisi ngami! Share | A Tweet by @Thobzin_12 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00632', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me RT @TrinaSunshine Whether u need healing, deliverance, or a financial breakthrough, the first step is 2 find out what God says about it. Real Talk! Share | A Tweet by @VIBEZCAMP 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00633', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me RT @GirlsLibrary You\'ve pissed me off, you made me cry, you made me hurt. But at the end of the day, I know I wouldn\'t want to be with anyone but you. Share | A Tweet by @Daaaj 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00634', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me RT @bizbaby LMAO RT @itsbizkit U ask a chick wht she wants for V-Day & get dat "oh nothing" it really means flowers chocolate dinner & red bottoms b Share | A Tweet by @RyElizabethx3 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00635', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me But it worked to make them notice you! Damn so lucky! Haha RT @TWThinkPositive Just Realised How Bitchy my Last Tweet to @thewantedmusic Sounded, I\'m sorry I loveeee you!! Haha x x Share | A Tweet by @TWFansIndonesia 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00636', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me Vals vals vals! Let\'s be looking go sha RT @funtieB Lol..hp u prepn for vals n all..lmaoo"@youngblodd Aii kl D RT @funtieB Nt mch"@youngblodd Wot dd I miss "" Share | A Tweet by @youngblodd 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00637', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me RT @XSTROLOGY RT @RealTaIk Its funny how I\'m good at giving advice to others but when it comes to helping myself, I don\'t know what to do... Share | A Tweet by @VeronicaO16 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00638', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me Awwww... is such a beautiful thing. I knew dis shii existed. MY GOD!! Dey r so cute 2geda. RT @yanivve http //t.co/eRrJpOMB" nd they luk gud 2geda! Share | A Tweet by @Kakusblingz 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00639', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me Ta hun much appreciated RT @Taesofine Will email u babe RT @MoffatMok Looking for storage places on the West Rand, please u guys...@Philzah @sindivanzyl @Taesofine @sbmatshe Share | A Tweet by @MoffatMok 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00640', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me luv the mirrored cabinet!RT @tapestrydec Mirrored cabinet w Venetian mirror over is perfect in this guest room Freshflowers & gift basket with soaps crams etc. http //t.co/q4GUvtGR Share | A Tweet by @Rose_windowgal 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00641', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me RT @GbaGaunDeteCtor RT @oluseyimcfunny Girls are so complicated. After just one kiss, you start hearing things like "so, what are we now ". Share | A Tweet by @d_haybuka 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00642', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me RT @PHILHEATH RT @TheNoteboook When things aren\'t working out as you wish, be patient. Stop trying to move ahead of God. His timing is perfect. Trust Him. Share | A Tweet by @skelton85 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00643', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me U saw d trailer nt d movie Is dat correct RT @Vickychuks @uchejombo Why is evry1 on me abt dis video,I saw an advert on d movie and twas off d hook and I hailed d producers,is dat a crime on me nw. Share | A Tweet by @uchejombo 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00644', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me LolRT @GbaGaunDeteCtor RT @oluseyimcfunny So the bokoharam spokesman doesn\'t want to confess They should make him listen to Igbo Christian music for 2 hours pere. Babanla torture.. Share | A Tweet by @cuetimmy 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00645', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me @tika_pyiel n @n4ncyHutubessy ikut yaaa..RT @titisayu Thank\'s for tonight lady\'ss @laladewi16 @Mila_Wijayanti @aniez_sha @missreeya #yuke ... Next,dpt todongan kita cuss lg Share | A Tweet by @laladewi16 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00646', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me Underworld 4 the Awakening RT @j3thr0vic Underworld 3 is 3 years old already bro @DaRealDanjuma 3 RT @ObaOfLasgidi nw underworld 3!!!!!!!!! Share | A Tweet by @gzlord 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00647', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me Tapi tiap hatinya jd pulang sore mulu RT @moodyku_degis11 Koyok pegawai yoh weekend prei RT @Jenni_Degis_OVJ Libur Budhe, tp af acara sih jam 8 d skul RT cont http //t.co/0oHoK8SB Share | A Tweet by @Jenni_Degis_OVJ 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00648', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me What got you so happy RT @YourGalLee I\'m Smmmmilng! I\'m so happy tonight, SOoo MUCH HAPPINESS,SO MUCH HAPPINESS!!! so happi ,so happi.. I\'m losing my mind singingOutLoud Share | A Tweet by @ProffessorJayD 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00649', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me En-route nau nau! RT @_lahan Nope.av u gotten to sports centre RT @mosopeIV Abegggi, wee u cook for me ni RT @_lahan See ur life RT ... http //t.co/xehoyto4 Share | A Tweet by @LiwoNotun_IV 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00650', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me Sorry! RT @MaTssI No I haven\'t watched it yet don\'t tell me RT @TheReal_Vonch Niggas in Paris video is too cool, the way the added ... http //t.co/Hl5dD4Kf Share | A Tweet by @TheReal_Vonch 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00651', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me Lebih kece lagunya x RT @arfdwss boleh juga tuh D @yudhanandaa Enakan yg judulnya knights of the round RT @arfdwss #np A Skylit Drive-All It Takes For Your Dreams To Share | A Tweet by @yudhanandaa 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00652', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me Lips sealedRT @dee_sauce Kaphy,dnt mind her jare...u knw u my iyawo na RT @awtflamez Ha!...I said it "@seun_ade Ok o!RT @dee_sauce ... http //t.co/Ay74MlSl Share | A Tweet by @seun_ade 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00653', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me RT @sittayossa RT @XLCare RT @jhoasyari #FF Tweeps, follow @XLCare yah, Customer Service for XL via Twitter We Care What You Share. Pls RT Share | A Tweet by @mylaLUBIS 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00654', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me Hahaha juga RT @cimbokank Hahahaha RT @vaidalfa Open house katanya, ca\'gomey hpnya wiwin RT @cimbokank Acaraki itu RT @ cont http //t.co/RaWkbRvp Share | A Tweet by @vaidalfa 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00655', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me LoL wait till I get to a 1010 followers HEEE Chineke! RT @Leloe_M Me too. But we should NOT let them get on our heads. RT CheriFlavour Its a pity I can\'t be mean to my followers....YET - Share | A Tweet by @CheriFlavour 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00656', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me Bahahaha!!! U crazy and had ta get up early!! Smh RT @MamaAintPlayin @YeAiMcRaZ_E giiiirl..who you tellin!! I was throwing em back last night like it was Friday! Smh Share | A Tweet by @YeAiMcRaZ_E 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00657', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me Aw thank you!! It was sheering joy, happiness and love! RT @Mimi_Bustos @RosieRivera101 you looked gorgeous for your wedding! Felicidades! Share | A Tweet by @RosieRivera101 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00658', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me Hmm, we say that the goverment is over-bloated, yet GEJ continues to form committees upon committees. Now we are even talking about the palliatives once the strike ended!! The nigerian state is in deep quagmire! So so annoying @elrufai@ged@toluogunlesi@4eyedmonk@OcupyNigeria Share | A Tweet by @omoekun01 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00659', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me @Abi_Giggle_Pop @Chantii_Star I know chantel\'s understanding of the english language is appalling from time she was struggling to pronounce abysmal Share | A Tweet by @wale91 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00660', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me I\'d wana hear your voice everyday..lol RT @DifedileM h yes! I hope he calls &hearts; RT @staTs501 Maybe a call from that someone will make you feel better RT ... http //t.co/H0wMS8OV Share | A Tweet by @staTs501 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00661', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me Ga lo foto Model nya gw bgd apa ga Hehe RT @riefull Iyah okey bgt warna dan modelnya.. _ RT @OchiZain Oohh,, pasti new arrival ya Diskon nya akhir thn Rie, haha Share | A Tweet by @OchiZain 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00662', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me RT @sultanmuzaffar @Dean_Musthafa @mrsqhyroll @fida_korina @nurhidayahkarim kelas mu. orang reception di jakarta, mu pc di jakarta. eh lagi! Share | A Tweet by @mrsqhyroll 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00663', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me RT @PrincessProbz Little piece of advice for v-day boys Tiffany\'s speaks louder than any lame message on a card attached to flowers. #princessprobz Share | A Tweet by @LivMyShoes 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00664', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me @therealbuckwild not a flagship but we are sold in over ten different location in new york. You can check stocklist on www.entreelifestyle.co Share | A Tweet by @EntreeLifeStyle 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00665', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me RT @DaGummyBieber RT @BiebsSexyCyrus People are hating on Justin just because others do the same and they think it\'s cool. Over 50% never listened other song except \'Baby\'. Share | A Tweet by @Joellee_xo 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00666', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me RT @TheNoteboook We say all these beautiful, hopeful & inspiring words to cheer people up, yet we cant find the right words to make ourselves feel better. Share | A Tweet by @Just_Khita 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00667', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me Why should lie in when you say will turn out to be better than ever, sorry if a moment I become like someone who is foreign in your life. I have no reason to build everything anew. Share | A Tweet by @DogyJanggo 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00668', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me Kells you can say that again RT @kel_leigh LO With Ms.Khan & RE With Da New Teacher, Dont Knw His Name RT @autocorrrect That one class in school... where you learn absolutely nothing Share | A Tweet by @TUM_TUMY 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00669', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me I love cats too esp white ones RT @Wendyy002 Eww, I 8 cats.. "@Pretty_She_Nerd I love cats .....just saw a stray cat...bet fear de catch me o b4 i carry winch enter house...!!" Share | A Tweet by @Ms_AnnaAkins 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00670', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me Was a great time minus the trouble of course!! >RT @LadyInk1 I got in so much trouble last weekend but I must admit I had a blast @Lae_TeamTru @StylesByKimF Share | A Tweet by @StylesByKimF 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00671', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me Thank God RT @SheAintRa_BBE Jus got that text from Verizon Upgrade $20 any phone I want! loyal customer Wat should I get #iPhone is NOT an option so not a follower-_- Share | A Tweet by @BIgBlaCc_Nigka 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00672', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me No, typo again swtat RT @Mz_IfeOluwani me cat RT @cornFEWSd No o, twas typo wanted to tpe swtcat"Mz_IfeOluwani na me be switrat abi RT cont http //t.co/Qyr8aaJW Share | A Tweet by @cornFEWSd 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00673', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me I will be performing tom night @Crimson with the Beautiful Sorority Hip Hop Ladies @SBerryBlunt Team!! Celebrating @Bonitadip Bday!!! #Werq!! @MelissaSWEETS @NikkiGraffiti @KitKat_Kathy ; x0x0 3 Share | A Tweet by @GypsieDancer 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00674', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me Hahahaa Really RT @Sirlajidewhiz 1 guy send me DM as per the babe 4 my avi. "@Quddus_007 Lmao! Why r we laffing sef RT @Sirlajidewhiz Looooool" Share | A Tweet by @Quddus_007 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00675', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me RT @ugo_armani Theres too much talking & not enough listening in relationships! Stop always talking, start listening & REMEMBER what he/she says to u! Share | A Tweet by @jbaibey 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00676', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me RT @bobbykardashian I am butch queen! RT @OutlawAnyLaw I had so much fun with my bro @ERNIEkilledBERT & my new bro / new main bitch @bobbykardashian! Share | A Tweet by @ERNIEkilledBERT 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00677', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me RT @StevieSoFetch_ Attention All Female Followers Follow @TB_HairStylist . He\'s An Amazing Hair-Stylist from NYC And Does Great W http //t.co/KQiDiwIw Share | A Tweet by @TB_Hairstylist 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00678', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me Who\'s dat lol RT @The_Mookzilla They e-mailed him, called him on his cell phone, called him on the work phone, and they delivered his study guide personally... slow clap Share | A Tweet by @SanchezSua 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00679', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me RT @BarSavvy This!!!---->RT @IAMSADIDDY Gotta RSVP to sip in style! RT @BarSavvy Check us out Feb 21st mixing things up for cont http //t.co/OtBIUJWH Share | A Tweet by @MacMilli4 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00680', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me Haha. RT @THEDAILYFUCK In the amount of time that it took you to describe your perfect man, I had already fucked all of your friends in my mind. Share | A Tweet by @Madtzoo 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00681', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me !!! RT @shika_g RT @SayingsForGirls As long as we can see the same sky, breathe the same air, step on the same planet, then you and I are not impossible. Share | A Tweet by @2kmaps 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00682', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me LMAO RT @randellmendez Some kid is colorblind so my teacher can\'t use the red and black marker to distinguish between two things #thanksalot Share | A Tweet by @MichaelEricJr 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00683', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me RT @KatiePiper_ dont u hate it when twitter tells you down side of ur page "people similar 2 u" sometimes i look at it &think shoot me if im similar 2 them! Share | A Tweet by @MdotMaestro 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00684', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me I always think if the sms is worth my airtime, if not, IGNORE RT @SandileGuliwe It\'s a medieval practice really...RT @ThandoDot RT SandileG Sms\'ing feels odd Share | A Tweet by @MimiKhoza 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00685', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me RT smh damn bro that shit gon hurt. @Geraldb11 I think karma gon fuck me over once i\'m really feeling a chick though cuz man my past is something crazy i ain\'t even gon lie... Share | A Tweet by @AKiL_CEO 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00686', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me RT @LaylaMokhtari RT @xYOUSSTORY RT @LaylaMokhtari RT @xYOUSSTORY Sometimes I think, fuck it. You\'ll never want me He wants you ! - wie O Haha Mo - wie is dat Share | A Tweet by @xYOUSSTORY 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00687', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me The shoes lol, crazy neh RT @Given_DeLuxe Whats Soo Wow About New York RT @Kulani_M1 To explore it RT @Given_DeLuxe For RT @Kulani_M1 How I wish I could fly to New York Share | A Tweet by @Kulani_M1 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00688', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me "Its time to learn some Russian/Cyrillic again, we miss you and your disability to remember these alphabets less than a month" -Alexandr Skugarev Share | A Tweet by @andinalatief 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00689', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me RT @Brook_Flowers RT @jennyinjozi @YDEtweets service shocking, shoe marked down 50% yet when I get to the till it scans full price, kept waiting 15mins with no explantion. Share | A Tweet by @servicereporter 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00690', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me RT @caarella RT @millyshafiq @tengkusophia pake foto @meldamita. terus yg ngaku sophia yg asli @Imtengkusophia pake fotonya @caarella #drama abis dah ah Share | A Tweet by @faizinfradillah 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00691', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me Might be that god damn PMS!! RT @MeilisaLeonata Make that three! RT @abigaillarasati @bukananieklaus PMS eeeh I guess my time is coming..our sched kan bareeeeng..hahaha Share | A Tweet by @bukananieklaus 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00692', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me 2 days left.., And everything is over..., now the last thing I know is just a feel guilty!! And I\'ll bring it to me for the rest of my life!!! Share | A Tweet by @Esty_Prani 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00693', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me Hell no!! RT @Herdigoon Are u dia in Bayelsa RT @creamycherrypie So d whole of Bayelsa aint gat no 3G network. Hmmm cool http //t.co/gUw1HsTb Share | A Tweet by @creamycherrypie 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00694', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me Dem dey gv me turanchi about delivery days....RT @Shuga_switt Ha! Wat did dey say I can\'t get bad news twice in one day biko RT IAmShy_michelle These tp3 peepo have fxcked my plans! Share | A Tweet by @IAmShy_michelle 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00695', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me I dnt get it -__- RT @Busisiwe_N Can\'t wait to c u in 1960\'s voice "AyandaKelz Whooopie RT @Busisiwe_N Ooooooh yes we iz in pmb...YAYERZ" Share | A Tweet by @AyandaKelz 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00696', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me c RT @ariHZN You are my everything RT @tiszarizky Iya sayang RT @ariHZN Anniversary sayang I love you selamat ... http //t.co/4L2Or5Va Share | A Tweet by @tiszarizky 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00697', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me Lmao hahaha wow!RT @Peekkay LMAO!! / RT @SneshM LMFAO RT @UberFacts When a male honey bee climaxes during sex, his testicles explode and he dies." Share | A Tweet by @ntokozo_kunene 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00698', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me RT @cintacenatcenut RT @CCC_quote #ccclovers wlopun ini last day of shoot CCC2.. tapi @cintacenatcenut 2 masih akan menemani kita setiap sabtu jam 20.30.. so don\'t miss it D Share | A Tweet by @rereigina 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00699', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me @IRSADAxROCKs lol well I talked to you lastnight... It was late and then OUR cat, was eating my dried roses, it sounds like someone was eating a bag of chips at 5am. Share | A Tweet by @princsskellycat 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00700', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me +1RT @BarrySouthgate Our words matter. What we say can cause a ripple effect in someone\'s life, way beyond what we even realize. Choose them well. Share | A Tweet by @Nathasia 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00701', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me You are so damn handsome in this picture @tiesto RT @tiesto We were so skinny!! RT @djkmixx The good old days in Ibiza checking out the chicks with @tiesto #summer2000 http //t.co/aK5TB65W Share | A Tweet by @yanna_sobri 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00702', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me By @ZehSu RT @MelL_O_dEe Lol, yeah right. By who RT "CheriFlavour Hahahaha that tweet was edited lmao RT #MelL Yet O_O what happened to repenting RT Cheri" Share | A Tweet by @CheriFlavour 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00703', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me U knw we stay n d same street so u can like to add mine RT @larsanya Lolz, its on d way D RT @olammide ds one dat @larsanya is too happy, i shud be expecting my perfume heehee. #okbye Share | A Tweet by @bbello1 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00704', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me RT @TuksFMNews #PublicProtector #ThuliMadonsela tells University of Pretoria students,\'You are either part of the problem or part of the solution.\' Share | A Tweet by @refiloemoroka 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00705', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me I no knw 4 yu oooRT @dacosta300 Shey i be thief ... RT"@SirMuyie Ok oo lemme catch uRT @dacosta300 Na to match u remain nah RT"@SirMuyie ... http //t.co/BgqvVCqt" Share | A Tweet by @SirMuyie 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00706', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me RT @zainabrabiu RT @TEEMS_ Never underestimate the pain of a person because the truth is everyone is struggling, It\'s just dt some ... http //t.co/wHXX3Cm4 Share | A Tweet by @elyunus20 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00707', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me Lol Hp learing wuz cool RT @Isaac_M15 #StupidQuestions u call me @ 3am & after 4missed calls, I picked up & 5th & u ask \'were u sleeping No, I was learing how to DIE! Share | A Tweet by @yabadooooo 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00708', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me RT @yungdamon @banosky0147 thats whats up homie, i appreciate that #salute video will be on worldstar soon, just shot it. Aiit keep it up bro. Share | A Tweet by @banosky0147 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00709', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me At least u avin fun! RT @Omerylyne Lol how"@cmokhai Alright dats fair enough RT @Omerylyne Am gud jt enjoying d day"@cmokhai Very fin dear U ! RT @Omerylyne Hehe ... http Share | A Tweet by @cmokhai 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00710', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me RT @TheLoveStories When GOD takes away something from your hand, dont think He\'s punishing you, Hes merely emptying ur hand, for u to receive something BETTER. Share | A Tweet by @levfer 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00711', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me RT @YVVYEVE RT @Kanexy ___ joko RT @YVVYEVE See this ones trying to force bf on me. Pls what is "bf" No be excuse to de have unlawful sex Share | A Tweet by @Kanexy 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00712', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me RT @ohgirlphrase Beauty is about living your life and being happy with yourself inside and out. Not worrying about what people think of you. Share | A Tweet by @DebbieHalimm 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00713', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me Mayo and sex need never appear in a sentence together again. Fuck I did it again. RT @lmennies RT @TheHungryClown Never use the phrase "spicy mayo" in a sexual context. #valentinesmessagestosushichefs Share | A Tweet by @ruffianstanley 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00714', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me RT @RollingStone Paul McCartney got his star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame yesterday. Here are some photos from the event http //t.co/uxnKH0jn Share | A Tweet by @montyventer 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00715', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me I know how to block people on twitter o | RT @ecris5 make i park more kegs of hot water come RT @A1rT3aM O boi park well | RT @ecris5 take hot water jo RT @A1rT3aM http //t.co/8IdxB70y Share | A Tweet by @A1rT3aM 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00716', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me wiping my tears RT @CannyMcCoy Babyyyyy..ok am sorry,shldnt have doubted U,wipe \'em tears pls RT @akosuahBee \' \' \' RT CannyMcCoy cont http //t.co/6OXQ95O7 Share | A Tweet by @akosuahBee 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00717', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me This is soo cute RT @Zizzy_M Lol oh gosh Zolah blush RT @Zhee_N Lol phariza mahnRT @Zizzy_M I have a date tomorrow nervous and excited at the same time! Share | A Tweet by @Zhee_N 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00718', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me So you aren\'t staying sober either RT @Musa_Mash Mpume its friday RT @blu_z What happened to staying sober!! RT @Xurob I refuse to sit at home tonight... Letsss Share | A Tweet by @blu_z 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00719', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me Waaaaahhhh cukcesss tetehRT @ShenyAndrea Whata looong day.. Studio take vocal, then off to shoot Aliya and back to studio again.. Tiring but exited.. Chumunguds! Share | A Tweet by @mariomarkoneng 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00720', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me RT @leratommoloi Creativity is the struggle for improvement, the rearrangement of variables which the human can change in the search for improvement-W.Culp Share | A Tweet by @Mphossh 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00721', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me Deep RT @UnilagOlodo If a girl can luv you without you having money, then as a guy be ready to love without sex. Empty pockets have no right to an Erection.. Share | A Tweet by @supaA_wash 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00722', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me Hehe ok naRT @nobledonsirswag Must I pay to pour, I need to be paid to pour. #okbyeRT @zecville Lmao u no wan pour againRT cont http //t.co/1siKyb8K Share | A Tweet by @zecville 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00723', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me U a fool for this tweet!!! LMaOoO!! RT @Mr_MIH87 #IfWeInARelationship that #awkwardmoment when we go out to eat and the bill comes and I look at you lol...Usher - Trading Places Share | A Tweet by @CocoaFatFace 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00724', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me My eyes is about to shut down.. Happy Birthday to me.. Thanks for all your kind wishes ladies n gentlemen.. thank you very much loves! Muahhhh.. Share | A Tweet by @ShShuhaila 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00725', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me chilling booRT @Mz_BluSapphire Yeah swits! Watz gewd!"@bolutifelordson That\'s wasup hunRT @Mz_BluSapphire If u like hate me.... It aint gonna change nafin..." Share | A Tweet by @bolutifelordson 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00726', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me RT @StrangeMusicInc Stevie Stone is ready for the HOSTILE TAKEOVER 2012 Tour!! ARE YOU Get your VIP Packages TODAY from... http //t.co/irirRdLg @StevieStone09 Share | A Tweet by @LMNOP618 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00727', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me Hm!RT @Mcroy02 Fun Fun!! "@tomisinenny77 And remember it\'s Friday RT"@Mcroy02 Yeaap! U need it bro"@tomisinenny77 Am out of this modefcukin company""" Share | A Tweet by @Mcroy02 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00728', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me RT @MuftiAbdullah "Evil always has a far greater affect than good,just as a single drop of impurity spoils container of clean water" Ml. Saleem Dhorat @AB_bds Share | A Tweet by @IbnMuhammad14 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00729', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me Eish, I have tendensies, le wena wa bora ka di headset tsewe tsa gago! Ne ke go thabetse and you ignored me. RT @Mack_BirlT Makgabobelle the way you just said FOTSEK to me though!!! I actually can\'t.. Share | A Tweet by @Makgabobelle 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00730', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me Mxm!,fuck that RT @Krayzee_Kandy And then RT @XLKaizen Argh what the fuck RT @CrisppySA Tjo ! RT @TwirraKing LMFAO. RT @FamousUnknownMe #LMFAO \'D http //t.co/NzQthbiD Share | A Tweet by @twittemptation_ 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00731', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me RT @GlamHustle If I don\'t know anything I know God is my Everything...and knowing that makes me understand these trials won\'t last long! #Faith Share | A Tweet by @TheLipStickRoom 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00732', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me RT @fadleeeyah Most relationships fail because you re too busy pointing out each other s mistakes & not enough time enjoying each other s company. Share | A Tweet by @Lasslateef 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00733', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me Yes keRT @barbarjihde U don watch am ni ode RT @zimoblastalli U r foolish #smh#RT @barbarjihde Can\'t believe I\'m crying cuz I\'m watching real steel!!!!!!! Share | A Tweet by @zimoblastalli 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00734', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me sitting luvin this RT @wannietweet Lool...u havnt given me yet val RT DrownMyCock No p RT @valerie_watson me yh RT @wannietweet I know ... http //t.co/C7j6yYXk Share | A Tweet by @DrownMyCock 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00735', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me Ok I\'ve stopped RT @Shudex08 Stop tryin "@omg_its_abdul Wawa tsami kawai, tuwo is natural part of u RT @Shudex08 And so "@omg_its_abdul Omoh see ingratitude! All yo Share | A Tweet by @omg_its_abdul 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00736', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me Lmao Ode just being a good predecessor RT @JIBIKS21 Seems lyk som1 is still a std here, u gat an xtra year RT @pweety25 Unilag pple exam is startn on March 26th Share | A Tweet by @pweety25 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00737', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me Be take care @febrifs Luv U! RT @TMCPoldaMetro 21.33 Imbas kecelakaan di Cisarua lalin menuju Puncak saat ini terpantau masih padat dari Gadog Share | A Tweet by @ayubiee 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00738', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me http //lockerz.com/s/182420080 Look what I did to my tv last night. This is even before I got drunk. The thing dropped on my head n everythin Share | A Tweet by @Mbo_uatwmm 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00739', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me RT @FOX10News Court sentences airmen\'s killer to life - An Islamic extremist who admitted killing two U.S. airmen at Frankfurt air... http //t.co/tLIapCmQ Share | A Tweet by @DAVIDCESAR3 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00740', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me Hahaha! Who\'s teaching u RT @blessingabuma Nke ahu So kwa RT @MeeStar_G The hope of yesterday is the promise of a new day. Its d strength to carry on! Thank u lord for this new day Share | A Tweet by @MeeStar_G 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00741', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me Hahahaha RT @Saint_Nova I second that @Nonts_N RT @XSTROLOGY #Cancer the most self conscious and insecure of the zodiac because of their sensitivity. Share | A Tweet by @Nonts_N 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00742', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me Ik pusing terus RT @kenjisetiabudhi Stay warm ohcindyoh RT detikcom Sudah 460 Orang Tewas Akibat Cuaca Dingin Ekstrem di Eropa http //t.co/AE9S1t1G Share | A Tweet by @ohcindyoh 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00743', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me RT @RealChuckie 1 new message runs for phone, jumps over sofa, runs a marathon, swims Atlantic ocean, pushes mom out the way. grabs phone...."k" -___- Share | A Tweet by @lilsnookiepop 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00744', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me RT @LostWords_ RT @ItsLifeNotes Dear god, i wanna take a minute, not to ask for anything from you. But simply to say thank you, for all i have. Share | A Tweet by @evi_dy 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00745', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me RT @Anyanwills Politicians are the same all over. They promise to build a bridge even where they is no river.hahahahah if enta dere wld do any beta Share | A Tweet by @annni0355 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00746', 'lang "en"> tweet beyond 140 tmi.me Bukan x suka baca no time to baca I got like 5 books bought last year still unread.. RT @LinaShaik In fact, the Times bookstore in Pavi actually downsized. Y Tak cukup volume ke Ye la. Org Malaysia generally x suka baca kan..what a shame Share | A Tweet by @marathona78 2012-02-10 terms & conditions privacy contact By UberMedia')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00747', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Skip to content What\'s new LOOK FEEL EAT MOVE LIVE Shop Subscribe What\'s New 200 Sick With Mysterious Disease Following Cheerleading Competition 40 mins ago by Hanna Brooks Olsen | Leave a Comment | Share a Tip Diarrhea. Uncontrolled vomiting. Aches and pains. These are the symptoms that are plaguing as many as 200 high school cheerleaders and their families across Washington state following a cheerleading competition last weekend, which was attended by around 3,000 people. And you thought you were having a terrible week. More Afternoon Links Ways To Entertain Yourself On The Treadmill Mindful ways to beat your dentist fears. HuffPost Fitness Ways to entertain yourself on the treadmill. fitsugar Why you should ditch your daily diet soda habit . The Stir Do you retouch photos of yourself HuffPost Women Encourage positive friendships. YourTango How to tell if you re dating a monster. YouBeauty Bright-eyed brunch cocktails . Organic Authority Why this superfood has us screaming. Well + Good Your Cat And Its Parasites May Actually Be Making You Crazy 1 hour ago by Hanna Brooks Olsen | Leave a Comment | Share a Tip For ages, cat people have desperately trying to shake the personal of, well, being crazy cat people. Do they sometimes wear sweaters with cats on them Sure. Do they read Cat Fancy cover-to-cover Perhaps. Are they possibly being driven toward schizophrenia and other forms of mental illness by their beloved felines Possibly, according to one biologist , and several studies. More Self Shouldn t Celebrate Recovering Bulimic Katharine McPhee s Body And Neither Should Smash 2 hours ago by Briana Rognlin | 2 Comments | Share a Tip The March issue of Self is out this week, featuring Katharine McPhee on its cover, with teasers about her secret shape-up. The article celebrates her body, crediting her lean, toned figure to hard work at the gym and on the set of the new NBC musical, Smash. But even if she s putting in workouts that would benefit the rest of us, all the praise of her body and, let s be honest, her thinness just shouldn t be on a fitness magazine, or even on tv. If this isn t an eating disorder trigger, then I don t know what is. More Obama s Birth Control Compromise Everybody Wins 3 hours ago by Elizabeth Nolan Brown | 1 Comment | Share a Tip During a special announcement this afternoon, President Barack Obama didn t actually alter the effect of his previous decision that religious employers with health plans must offer birth control coverage. He just kind of changed the phrasing of it. Which is fine hey, compromise, we dig it. But let s be honest about how utterly absurd this all is. More Don t Fool Yourself Kraft Whipped Peanut Butter Has Fewer Calories Per Serving, But It s Still Junk 4 hours ago by Hanna Brooks Olsen | Leave a Comment | Share a Tip In the U.S., we don t get eat a lot of Kraft peanut butter. But the teddy-bear-swaddled product is a Canadian staple, whose success the food manufacturer is hoping to re-create with a new, gross-sounding twist on the old standard whipped peanut butter . But don t be tricked by Kraft s crafty marketing this isn t a low-calorie solution to your protein needs. This is junk food . More Daily Fail Scoffing At Imogen Thomas For Scoffing Cakes 5 hours ago by Elizabeth Nolan Brown | 2 Comments | Share a Tip Imogen Thomas is a Welsch model and reality TV star who tweets like a teenage girl and is receiving hypnotherapy for cake addiction . And this Daily Mail article on Thomas is the epitome of the Mail Online s house style stringing together paparazzi photos and tweets with the most air-headed or offensive pretense of context imaginable. More Former Komen VP Karen Handel Calls Planned Parenthood Gigantic Bully Basically Being A Bully Herself 6 hours ago by Briana Rognlin | Leave a Comment | Share a Tip Former Susan G. Komen Foundation Vice President Karen Handel might be out of the organization, but she s not out of the Planned Parenthood debate. Many believe that the group s original decision to cut Planned Parenthood funding was spurred by her personal politics as an outspoken pro-life supporter, it made sense but in a new interview with The Daily Beast , she s insisting that Planned Parenthood was a gigantic bully, breaking a previous agreement between the groups to keep quiet about their breakup. More Morning Links How To Stay Sniffle-Free For Valentine s Day Why this superfood has us screaming. Well + Good Romantic foods for a nightcap. Organic Authority Simple winter drink swaps . YouBeauty Valentine s day gifts to fantasize about. The Stir How to live with an STI. HuffPost Women Encourage positive friendships. YourTango Easy recipes made with flax . fitsugar Stay sniffle-free for Valentine s day. HuffPost Fitness 7 Body-Healthy, Eco-Friendly Vibrators For Valentine s Day 8 hours ago by Hanna Brooks Olsen | Leave a Comment | Share a Tip Let s be honest. Whether you re flying solo on Valentine s Day , or you like to introduce a little buzz into your boudoir, a well-designed, solidly-constructed vibrator can t be beat, as a gift for a loved one, or a treat for yourself. But not all toys are created equally some are as good for the earth as they are for you. More Lady Gaga Reveals Past Bulimia And Urges Girls To End Diet Wars 22 hours ago by Briana Rognlin | Leave a Comment | Share a Tip Lady Gaga revealed her past struggles with bulimia at the It s Our Turn young women s conference at the Brentwood School , where she turned up as a surprise guest for an interview with Maria Shriver . The singer s body is constantly the subject of articles about crazy diets remember her drunk diet and workouts just today, FitSugar posted about how to get her shapely booty , but it seems that now, she d rather help girls overcome eating disorders like the one she suffered as a teen. More How Long It Takes Food To Go Bad In Your Fridge 24 hours ago by Briana Rognlin | 1 Comment | Share a Tip Ever wonder how long it takes for food to go bad in your fridge I do, and I typically rely on smell and taste to figure it out which isn t such a great idea what with food safety being a serious concern these days. In fact, a new study out of Canada says that 70-80% of food-borne illness is caused by final preparation and handling of food i.e. in your own kitchen. Which is where the following infographic , from the new site Hella Wella , comes in handy It tells you exactly how long it takes for food to go bad in your fridge. More Chelsea Handler Gets Real About Her Teen Abortion 1 day ago by Hanna Brooks Olsen | 2 Comments | Share a Tip As the battle rages on over access to birth control and funding for Planned Parenthood , women s bodies have become a political minefield. So it s refreshing to see comedian and host Chelsea Handler being upfront about her own body and abortion . Regardless of where you stand on a woman s right to choose, putting a face on the otherwise hypothetical discussion is a brave choice, and one for which I applaud her. More Afternoon Links Weight Loss Rules You Can Break Weight loss rules you re allowed to break. fitsugar What your doctor isn t telling you . HuffPost Fitness Valentine s day gifts to fantasize about. The Stir Celeb-inspired beauty looks to steal. YourTango Get this word out of your sex life. HuffPost Women Defining beauty through the ages. YouBeauty Wacky wellness ways to celebrate Valentine s day. Well + Good Are bean sprouts safe to eat Organic Authority Winter Table Detox Soup 1 day ago by Elizabeth Nolan Brown | Leave a Comment | Share a Tip This winter table recipe comes from registered dietician and blogger Janel Ovrut Funk . Funk s Detox Soup is not your typical watery, flavorless detox concoction. It s a hearty and healthy mix of herbs, beans and vegetables and using frozen veggies is okay . More Women s Boxing An Olympic Sport And Awesome Fitness Trend 1 day ago by Well+Good | Leave a Comment | Share a Tip We love trying new sports, especially ones that give us a great workout. That s why we re so happy that, according to Well+Good NYC , boxing is picking up steam with women in New York More Destress Valentine s Day Focus On Romance, Not Sex 1 day ago by Deborah Dunham | Leave a Comment | Share a Tip Ah yes, Valentine s Day chocolate, champagne, roses and the often unrealistic expectations for a night of unbridled romance. Feeling the pressure You re not alone. Both men and women can be stressed about having great sex on Valentine s Day, but what if your mind, body and libido are just not that into it To find out how to deal with this and other pressures to have the best romance ever on Valentine s Day, we consulted with two relationship experts. The good news is, Valentine s Day is not about being that perfect lover after all. More PETA Wants Michelin Guides To Stop Promoting Restaurants That Serve Tortured Animals 1 day ago by Deborah Dunham | Leave a Comment | Share a Tip On a quest to ban the promotion of restaurants that serve tortured animals, PETA is calling on the well-known restaurant rating manual, Michelin Guides, to request that they stop awarding stars to restaurants that serve foie gras or shark fin soup. Just hearing about the abuse these animals go through so they can make it to our plates is disturbing. More Why We re Eating Fewer Trans Fats, And How Sugar Could Be Next 1 day ago by Elizabeth Nolan Brown | 1 Comment | Share a Tip The amount of trans fats found in American s bloodstream has declined by more than 50% since the Food and Drug Administration began requiring companies to include trans fats on nutrition labels . The unusually big and abrupt drop shows how minor government regulations, public awareness and the market can work together to induce large changes in the American diet. Maybe the anti-sugar folks and the FDA should take note. More Poll How Did Ioana Spangenberg Get Her 20-Inch Waist, And Does It Matter 1 day ago by Hanna Brooks Olsen | 5 Comments | Share a Tip Yesterday, we shared our concerns about Ioana Spangenberg , of 20-inch waist fame, and the media s fascination with her ultra-thin body. I expressed disappointment in our desperate attempt to figure out her body. But in the comments and on our Facebook page , that s all that happened. And even there, no consensus could be reached. Is why she looks the way she does really the most important part of this story More Older posts About Advertise Sitemap Editorial Team Contact Privacy Policy Terms of Use B5Media Lifestyle Network Share a Tip Your Name E-mail Address or Cancel')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00748', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Skip to content What\'s new LOOK FEEL EAT MOVE LIVE Shop Subscribe Thu, Feb 9 - 4 51 pm ET Tweet Previous Post | Next Post How Long It Takes Food To Go Bad In Your Fridge by Briana Rognlin | 1 comment | Share a Tip Ever wonder how long it takes for food to go bad in your fridge I do, and I typically rely on smell and taste to figure it out which isn t such a great idea what with food safety being a serious concern these days. In fact, a new study out of Canada says that 70-80% of food-borne illness is caused by final preparation and handling of food i.e. in your own kitchen. Which is where the following infographic , from the new site Hella Wella , comes in handy It tells you exactly how long it takes for food to go bad in your fridge. Read it, print it, and stick on your refrigerator so you don t have to down any soured milk to find out 4 Important Lessons That 2011 s Biggest Food Safety Scares Taught Us Raw Milk From Pennsylvania Farm Makes 35 People Sick Risks Vs. Rewards Another Reason Not To Eat At McDonald s Live Mice Found In Hamburger Buns Don t Go To Jay-Z s Club It s Filled With Gross Health Violations Share This Post Tweet Related Topics EAT food safety food labels nutrition Comments By Hanna Brooks Olsen This is highly informative. I should print this out and hang it on my fridge. Reply About Advertise Sitemap Editorial Team Contact Privacy Policy Terms of Use B5Media Lifestyle Network Share a Tip Your Name E-mail Address or Cancel')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00749', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Skip to content What\'s new LOOK FEEL EAT MOVE LIVE Shop Subscribe Thu, Feb 9 - 4 51 pm ET Tweet Previous Post | Next Post How Long It Takes Food To Go Bad In Your Fridge by Briana Rognlin | 1 comment | Share a Tip Ever wonder how long it takes for food to go bad in your fridge I do, and I typically rely on smell and taste to figure it out which isn t such a great idea what with food safety being a serious concern these days. In fact, a new study out of Canada says that 70-80% of food-borne illness is caused by final preparation and handling of food i.e. in your own kitchen. Which is where the following infographic , from the new site Hella Wella , comes in handy It tells you exactly how long it takes for food to go bad in your fridge. Read it, print it, and stick on your refrigerator so you don t have to down any soured milk to find out 4 Important Lessons That 2011 s Biggest Food Safety Scares Taught Us Raw Milk From Pennsylvania Farm Makes 35 People Sick Risks Vs. Rewards Another Reason Not To Eat At McDonald s Live Mice Found In Hamburger Buns Don t Go To Jay-Z s Club It s Filled With Gross Health Violations Share This Post Tweet Related Topics EAT food safety food labels nutrition Comments By Hanna Brooks Olsen This is highly informative. I should print this out and hang it on my fridge. Reply About Advertise Sitemap Editorial Team Contact Privacy Policy Terms of Use B5Media Lifestyle Network Share a Tip Your Name E-mail Address or Cancel')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00750', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Skip to content What\'s new LOOK FEEL EAT MOVE LIVE Shop Subscribe Fri, Feb 10 - 10 04 am ET Tweet Previous Post | Next Post Morning Links How To Stay Sniffle-Free For Valentine s Day by Emily Moorhouse | Leave a comment | Share a Tip Why this superfood has us screaming. Well + Good Romantic foods for a nightcap. Organic Authority Simple winter drink swaps . YouBeauty Valentine s day gifts to fantasize about. The Stir How to live with an STI. HuffPost Women Encourage positive friendships. YourTango Easy recipes made with flax . fitsugar Stay sniffle-free for Valentine s day. HuffPost Fitness Share This Post Tweet Related Topics LIVE About Advertise Sitemap Editorial Team Contact Privacy Policy Terms of Use B5Media Lifestyle Network Share a Tip Your Name E-mail Address or Cancel')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00752', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Skip to content What\'s new Entertainment Style Relationships Other Stuff Shop Subscribe What\'s New The Daily WTF You Just Got Pwned By Olive Garden On Facebook 32 mins ago by Natalie Zutter | Leave a Comment | Share a Tip Kudos to whoever runs Olive Garden s Facebook page for noticing this user stupid enough to tag the restaurant in her bitchy status update. More Valentine s Day What Your Favorite Celebrity Couples Will Be Giving As Gifts 46 mins ago by Amanda Chatel | Leave a Comment | Share a Tip Happy almost Valentine s Day! If you haven t decided yet what you re going to give the love in your life, you might want to get a moving on that because time is running out. Snap to it! More Sex On The Wire Lessons From Falling In And Out Of Love Valentine s day gifts for any relationship. College Candy Sexy secrets from a Burlesque star. Betty Confidential Strange animal mating rituals. The Frisky Lessons from falling in and out of love. College Crush Ways to cleanse an ex from your life. YourTango What women really want for Valentine s day. The Stir Should you worry about one word texts Gurl [UPDATE] Taylor Armstrong Uses Facebook To Release Medical Evidence That Russell Armstrong Abused Her 1 hour ago by Jenni Maier | Leave a Comment | Share a Tip The lingering question since Russell Armstrong committed suicide last fall has been about Taylor Armstrong s abuse accusations against him. Not only about whether it actually happened, but to what extent it really happened as well as to what Taylor stands to gain financially from speaking out about the situation More 5 Facts About Smash Star Jack Davenport 3 hours ago by Natalie Zutter | Leave a Comment | Share a Tip Here are the five facts we ve compiled on Jack Davenport Derek Wills on Smash , from how he got into acting to his response to fans thinking he s an asshole like his TV characters. More For No Particular Reason, Drew Barrymore Photographs Shailene Woodley Topless 3 hours ago by Jenni Maier | Leave a Comment | Share a Tip After seeing her performance in The Descendents , there s no doubt that Shailene Woodley has a big career ahead of her. I just don t know why she felt the need to kick it off with a topless photo shoot in Vs. Magazine . Is it because she s trying to shed her tweeney-bopper image as a teen mom on The Secret Life of The American Teenager or is it because Drew Barrymore wanted to photograph her for her muse-like qualities. More You Have Three Weeks Until The End Of The World. With Whom Do You Want To Spend It 3 hours ago by Amanda Chatel | 1 Comment | Share a Tip In a fantasy world, you might want to be stranded on a deserted island with your favorite celebrity. But if it came down to the end of the world and you had to spend it with one person, who would it be More Cutegreggator The Bunny Olympics! 3 hours ago by Natalie Zutter | 1 Comment | Share a Tip A gallery of the competitors at the Rabbit Grand National in the UK in January a.k.a. the Bunny Olympics! Watch em jump and be adorable. More Why I Crush On Dirty Men 4 hours ago by Crushable Staff | 1 Comment | Share a Tip Have you been to rehab Do you look like you ve been to rehab When was the last time you shaved Not in three weeks, you say Are you homeless Yeah Once in college for a whole week Damn, boy. Well, if you re not doing anything later, maybe you and I can hit up the local soup kitchen. More Jersey Shore Field Notes 5.6 The Art Of War And Partying 4 hours ago by Natalie Zutter | Leave a Comment | Share a Tip Pauly s stalker is another casualty in the war between him and Vinny; Snooki and Deena blow off work to party; and JWoww confronts her boyfriend about not respecting her time. More Daniel Radcliffe Is Still Out To Prove He s No Harry Potter 4 hours ago by Amanda Chatel | Leave a Comment | Share a Tip Whenever you turn around lately you see yet another Daniel Don t Call Me Harry Potter Radcliffe related headline. While he s been on the prowl to promote his new film, The Woman in Black , Radcliffe is also having some severe case of what is known as diarrhea of the mouth. More 10 Reasons Your Boyfriend Should Go See The Vow With You 5 hours ago by TheGloss | Leave a Comment | Share a Tip Is the romance fading in your relationship Are you spending most nights just hanging out, watching TV, eating Chinese food in bed That sounds awesome. The point of relationships is to find someone who won t judge you for eating Chinese food in bed. But if you want even more romance you should get your boyfriend to go see The Vow with you. It will be fun for both of you! Don t believe us Here s 10 reasons why More Macaulay Culkin Finally Embraces His Child Star Past By Losing Shocking Amounts Of Weight 5 hours ago by Jenni Maier | Leave a Comment | Share a Tip Great news guys! Macaulay Culkin , the 90s favorite child star and the 00s favorite whatever-happened-to star, finally read his child star memo on how to get headlines after you lose your looks. His scandal of choice Losing so much weight that tabloids have no choice but to call him gaunt and possibly ill. More Interview Blair Witch Project s Heather Donahue Trades Acting for Pot-Farming In Growgirl 6 hours ago by Crushable Staff | Leave a Comment | Share a Tip In the first few pages of Growgirl How My Life After the Blair Witch Project Went to Pot , Heather Donahue writes I m sure somewhere on the cover of this book will be the words The Blair Witch Project , and believe me, I will have tried to prevent that. More Remain Calm, Miley Cyrus Still Isn t Going To College 7 hours ago by Jenni Maier | Leave a Comment | Share a Tip Every so often someone starts a vicious rumor that Miley Cyrus is leaving the Hollywood scene to attend college. Yesterday s rumored college of choice was the private Christian school, Chapman University . More The Meaning Behind One Tree Hill s Title 7 hours ago by Natalie Zutter | Leave a Comment | Share a Tip I was sure that Mark Schwahn came up with the title for One Tree Hill to encapsulate the Scott brothers power struggle. It turns out my cheesy reasoning was totally wrong find out what the creator really intended here. It s still a funny story. More Crush Links Adam Levin Poses For Terry Richardson Seth Rogen claims to be a productive stoner. Celeb Dirty Laundry Madonna s stalker escapes the psych ward. Have U Heard Adam Levine poses for Terry Richardson. Celebuzz Resse Witherspoon promoting her new movie. Lainey Gossip Josh Hutcherson talks The Hunger Games. Celeb Dirty Laundry Chris Brown still on probation from attack on Rihanna. Have U Heard Does Courtney Robertson from The Bachelor have a sex tape Older posts About Advertise Sitemap Editorial Team Contact Privacy Policy Terms of Use B5Media Lifestyle Network Share a Tip Your Name E-mail Address or Cancel')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00753', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Skip to content What\'s new Entertainment Style Relationships Other Stuff Shop Subscribe Fri, Feb 10 - 11 23 am ET Tweet Previous Post | Next Post Macaulay Culkin Finally Embraces His Child Star Past By Losing Shocking Amounts Of Weight by Jenni Maier | Leave a comment | Share a Tip Great news guys! Macaulay Culkin , the 90s favorite child star and the 00s favorite whatever-happened-to star, finally read his child star memo on how to get headlines after you lose your looks. His scandal of choice Losing so much weight that tabloids have no choice but to call him gaunt and possibly ill. It s a smart move on his part because extreme weight loss can generate so many hypothetical headlines terminal illness, eating disorder, drug addiction or the 20/20 news story of the year, a combo of all three! The 31-year-old M.C debuted his new look yesterday on the streets of New York City, causing widespread speculation from all media outlets that his weight loss signified impending death. Journalists must have been champing at the bit in hopes that one of the photos would reveal a heroin factory in his pocket. Or at the very least a black market juice cleanse. His rep tells ET that Macaulay Culkin is in perfectly good health , which naturally only leads to more speculation. Where there s a rep statement, there s likely a widespread cover-up. Or he just lost weight. But this is a kid who grew up in Hollywood with the Dina Lohan of stage fathers. His childhood memories were made for E! True Hollywood Story . There s no way he just lost weight, right But I guess we ll have to wait for his tell all interview with Diane Sawyer to find out the truth. What do YOU think Is the media overreacting to his weight loss or do you think Kevin McCallister finally went down the dark former child-star path Around The Web Loading... Share This Post Tweet Related Topics Celebrities Entertainment Macaulay Culkin About Advertise Sitemap Editorial Team Contact Privacy Policy Terms of Use B5Media Lifestyle Network Share a Tip Your Name E-mail Address or Cancel')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00755', '> Popularity 32 Marxist Senate Democrats now fundraising off Obama s war on religion via contraception-mandate Your browser does not support BadBlue charts Source fireandreamitchell.com Chart represents story popularity over time period tracked by BadBlue Copyright 2011-2012 Working Resources Inc., all Rights Reserved. Page generated on 2012-02-10 16 43 15.')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00756', 'lang "en" dir "ltr" version "HTML+RDFa 1.1" xmlns meebo "http //www.meebo.com" xmlns content "http //purl.org/rss/1.0/modules/content/" xmlns dc "http //purl.org/dc/terms/" xmlns foaf "http //xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/" xmlns og "http //ogp.me/ns#" xmlns rdfs "http //www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#" xmlns sioc "http //rdfs.org/sioc/ns#" xmlns sioct "http //rdfs.org/sioc/types#" xmlns skos "http //www.w3.org/2004/02/skos/core#" xmlns xsd "http //www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema#"> Skip to main content Search form Search Washington Examiner News Campaign 2012 Local Opinion Sports Entertainment Contests Autos D.C. MD VA Education People Transportation Crime Real Estate Prince George\'s hires lobbyist to lure FBI 8 hours 7 min ago Comments The FBI headquarters in Washington. AP file photo Ben Giles Popular in Local Most Read Fairfax County leader joins citizens\' group in questioning Dulles Toll Road numbers Occupiers, unions picket CPAC gathering Final whistleblower cop cleared of wrongdoing Prince George\'s hires lobbyist to lure FBI Md. water agency seeks another 7.5 percent increase Fri, 2012-02-10 09 42 Prince George s County lawmakers have resolved to do everything in their power to attract the FBI to locate new headquarters in the county, including hire a lobbyist. The county has retained Holland & Knight LLP to lobby congress and the General Services Administration, the federal government s leasing arm, officials announced Thursday. County Executive Rushern Baker also announced the signing of a new resolution, along with Council Chair womanAndrea Harrison, D-Bladensburg, declaring Prince George s the perfect site for the FBI s new home and touting the county s undeveloped land around Metro stations. The resolution will be sent to Maryland s congressional delegation, the FBI, the General Services Administration, and others state and federal officials. Prince George s County has several locations that are perfect for the FBI, Baker said. Along with our congressional delegation, we are approaching this process with a united front and will demonstrate to the federal government that Prince George s County should be the new home and headquarters for the FBI. Baker also announced the creation of an inter-agency task force that will meet regularly to discuss possible sites for the FBI to make their new home. Prince George\'s faces competition for the FBI headquarters from Loudoun and Fairfax counties. More From this Section Final whistleblower cop... D.C. man gets 60 years... D.C. attorney general... Woodbridge fire kills 75... Testimony continues in... View the discussion thread. Get E-Mail Updates RSS Follow Top Five Stories Santorum, Romney make pitches to CPAC Obama budget predicts $1.3 trillion deficit for 2012 Under fire, Obama adjusts his birth control policy Romney targets President Obama in N. Virginia Fairfax County leader joins group in questioning Dulles Toll Road numbers Washington Examiner Sections Business Products Partners Share Facebook Twitter RSS Today\'s Paper News Nation World Business Health Science & Technology Politics Campaign 2012 White House Congress Beltway Confidential Yeas and Nays Local D.C. MD VA Education Transportation Crime Sports NFL Redskins Ravens MLB Nationals Orioles NHL Capitals NBA Wizards MLS DC United Golf College Entertainment Food & Wine Music Theater Movies TV Wheels Travel Health Opinion Letters to the Editor Columnists Editorials Nate Beeler\'s Toons Rack Locations Advertise Terms of Use Privacy Circulation Requests Contact Us Classifieds Cars Homes Jobs')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00757', 'lang "en" dir "ltr" version "HTML+RDFa 1.1" xmlns meebo "http //www.meebo.com" xmlns content "http //purl.org/rss/1.0/modules/content/" xmlns dc "http //purl.org/dc/terms/" xmlns foaf "http //xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/" xmlns og "http //ogp.me/ns#" xmlns rdfs "http //www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#" xmlns sioc "http //rdfs.org/sioc/ns#" xmlns sioct "http //rdfs.org/sioc/types#" xmlns skos "http //www.w3.org/2004/02/skos/core#" xmlns xsd "http //www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema#"> Skip to main content Search form Search Washington Examiner News Campaign 2012 Local Opinion Sports Entertainment Contests Autos D.C. MD VA Education People Transportation Crime Real Estate Local Christian school teacher arrested in child sex abuse 1 day 40 sec ago Comments Scott McCabe Popular in Local Most Read Park Service to remove inscription on MLK memorial D.C. fire chief talks about accusations of racism in department Occupiers, unions picket CPAC gathering Fairfax County leader joins group in questioning Dulles Toll Road numbers Final whistleblower cop cleared of wrongdoing Thu, 2012-02-09 17 49 A teacher at a private school in Montgomery County has been charged with sexually abusing a student, who alleged the two had a sexual relationship for more than a year. Ashley Jean Campbell, 27, who taught at Montrose Christian School in Rockville, was arrested Thursday and charged with two counts of sexual abuse of a minor and two counts of committing a fourth-degree sex offense. Ken Fentress, chancellor of the school, said administrators immediately contacted police after they were alerted to the inappropriate relationship last week. "Montrose Christian is requesting prayer for all involved," Fentress said in a statement. Police said school officials received an anonymous email on Feb. 3 alleging a sexual relationship between Campbell and a male student. Detectives spoke with the student, and police said he told them that he had been involved in a sexual relationship with Campbell since the fall of 2010. He was 16 years old when the sex started, police said. The relationship ended last month, police said. During the time of the relationship, the boy and Campbell used her vehicle to drive to a park in Montgomery County to have sexual intercourse, police said. All of the events happened in Campbell\'s vehicle off school property and after school hours, police said. Police obtained an arrest warrant for Campbell, who police said lived in Cochranville, Pa. She turned herself in to police Thursday morning, posted bond and was released. A school spokesman said Campbell was fired this week and no longer teaches at Montrose Christian, a school of 200 students in grades K-12. A phone listing for Campbell could not be found, and it was not clear whether she had a lawyer. smccabe@washingtonexaminer.com More From this Section Park Service to remove... Park Service to remove... D.C. fire chief talks... D.C. fire chief talks... Occupiers, unions picket... View the discussion thread. Top Five Stories Santorum, Romney make pitches to CPAC Obama budget predicts $1.3 trillion deficit for 2012 Under fire, Obama adjusts his birth control policy Romney targets President Obama in N. Virginia Fairfax County leader joins group in questioning Dulles Toll Road numbers Get E-Mail Updates RSS Follow Washington Examiner Sections Business Products Partners Share Facebook Twitter RSS Today\'s Paper News Nation World Business Health Science & Technology Politics Campaign 2012 White House Congress Beltway Confidential Yeas and Nays Local D.C. MD VA Education Transportation Crime Sports NFL Redskins Ravens MLB Nationals Orioles NHL Capitals NBA Wizards MLS DC United Golf College Entertainment Food & Wine Music Theater Movies TV Wheels Travel Health Opinion Letters to the Editor Columnists Editorials Nate Beeler\'s Toons Rack Locations Advertise Terms of Use Privacy Circulation Requests Contact Us Classifieds Cars Homes Jobs')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00758', 'lang "en" dir "ltr" version "HTML+RDFa 1.1" xmlns meebo "http //www.meebo.com" xmlns content "http //purl.org/rss/1.0/modules/content/" xmlns dc "http //purl.org/dc/terms/" xmlns foaf "http //xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/" xmlns og "http //ogp.me/ns#" xmlns rdfs "http //www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#" xmlns sioc "http //rdfs.org/sioc/ns#" xmlns sioct "http //rdfs.org/sioc/types#" xmlns skos "http //www.w3.org/2004/02/skos/core#" xmlns xsd "http //www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema#"> Skip to main content Search form Search Washington Examiner News Campaign 2012 Local Opinion Sports Entertainment Contests Autos D.C. MD VA Education People Transportation Crime Real Estate Local Christian school teacher arrested in child sex abuse 1 day 40 sec ago Comments Scott McCabe Popular in Local Most Read Park Service to remove inscription on MLK memorial D.C. fire chief talks about accusations of racism in department Occupiers, unions picket CPAC gathering Fairfax County leader joins group in questioning Dulles Toll Road numbers Final whistleblower cop cleared of wrongdoing Thu, 2012-02-09 17 49 A teacher at a private school in Montgomery County has been charged with sexually abusing a student, who alleged the two had a sexual relationship for more than a year. Ashley Jean Campbell, 27, who taught at Montrose Christian School in Rockville, was arrested Thursday and charged with two counts of sexual abuse of a minor and two counts of committing a fourth-degree sex offense. Ken Fentress, chancellor of the school, said administrators immediately contacted police after they were alerted to the inappropriate relationship last week. "Montrose Christian is requesting prayer for all involved," Fentress said in a statement. Police said school officials received an anonymous email on Feb. 3 alleging a sexual relationship between Campbell and a male student. Detectives spoke with the student, and police said he told them that he had been involved in a sexual relationship with Campbell since the fall of 2010. He was 16 years old when the sex started, police said. The relationship ended last month, police said. During the time of the relationship, the boy and Campbell used her vehicle to drive to a park in Montgomery County to have sexual intercourse, police said. All of the events happened in Campbell\'s vehicle off school property and after school hours, police said. Police obtained an arrest warrant for Campbell, who police said lived in Cochranville, Pa. She turned herself in to police Thursday morning, posted bond and was released. A school spokesman said Campbell was fired this week and no longer teaches at Montrose Christian, a school of 200 students in grades K-12. A phone listing for Campbell could not be found, and it was not clear whether she had a lawyer. smccabe@washingtonexaminer.com More From this Section Park Service to remove... Park Service to remove... D.C. fire chief talks... D.C. fire chief talks... Occupiers, unions picket... View the discussion thread. Top Five Stories Santorum, Romney make pitches to CPAC Obama budget predicts $1.3 trillion deficit for 2012 Under fire, Obama adjusts his birth control policy Romney targets President Obama in N. Virginia Fairfax County leader joins group in questioning Dulles Toll Road numbers Get E-Mail Updates RSS Follow Washington Examiner Sections Business Products Partners Share Facebook Twitter RSS Today\'s Paper News Nation World Business Health Science & Technology Politics Campaign 2012 White House Congress Beltway Confidential Yeas and Nays Local D.C. MD VA Education Transportation Crime Sports NFL Redskins Ravens MLB Nationals Orioles NHL Capitals NBA Wizards MLS DC United Golf College Entertainment Food & Wine Music Theater Movies TV Wheels Travel Health Opinion Letters to the Editor Columnists Editorials Nate Beeler\'s Toons Rack Locations Advertise Terms of Use Privacy Circulation Requests Contact Us Classifieds Cars Homes Jobs')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00759', 'lang "en" dir "ltr" version "HTML+RDFa 1.1" xmlns meebo "http //www.meebo.com" xmlns content "http //purl.org/rss/1.0/modules/content/" xmlns dc "http //purl.org/dc/terms/" xmlns foaf "http //xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/" xmlns og "http //ogp.me/ns#" xmlns rdfs "http //www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#" xmlns sioc "http //rdfs.org/sioc/ns#" xmlns sioct "http //rdfs.org/sioc/types#" xmlns skos "http //www.w3.org/2004/02/skos/core#" xmlns xsd "http //www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema#"> Skip to main content Search form Search Washington Examiner News Campaign 2012 Local Opinion Sports Entertainment Contests Autos D.C. MD VA Education People Transportation Crime Real Estate Prince George\'s hires lobbyist to lure FBI 8 hours 14 min ago Comments The FBI headquarters in Washington. AP file photo Ben Giles Popular in Local Most Read Park Service to remove inscription on MLK memorial D.C. fire chief talks about accusations of racism in department Occupiers, unions picket CPAC gathering Fairfax County leader joins group in questioning Dulles Toll Road numbers Final whistleblower cop cleared of wrongdoing Fri, 2012-02-10 09 42 Prince George s County lawmakers have resolved to do everything in their power to attract the FBI to locate new headquarters in the county, including hire a lobbyist. The county has retained Holland & Knight LLP to lobby congress and the General Services Administration, the federal government s leasing arm, officials announced Thursday. County Executive Rushern Baker also announced the signing of a new resolution, along with Council Chair womanAndrea Harrison, D-Bladensburg, declaring Prince George s the perfect site for the FBI s new home and touting the county s undeveloped land around Metro stations. The resolution will be sent to Maryland s congressional delegation, the FBI, the General Services Administration, and others state and federal officials. Prince George s County has several locations that are perfect for the FBI, Baker said. Along with our congressional delegation, we are approaching this process with a united front and will demonstrate to the federal government that Prince George s County should be the new home and headquarters for the FBI. Baker also announced the creation of an inter-agency task force that will meet regularly to discuss possible sites for the FBI to make their new home. Prince George\'s faces competition for the FBI headquarters from Loudoun and Fairfax counties. More From this Section Final whistleblower cop... D.C. man gets 60 years... D.C. attorney general... Woodbridge fire kills 75... Testimony continues in... View the discussion thread. Get E-Mail Updates RSS Follow Top Five Stories Santorum, Romney make pitches to CPAC Obama budget predicts $1.3 trillion deficit for 2012 Under fire, Obama adjusts his birth control policy Romney targets President Obama in N. Virginia Fairfax County leader joins group in questioning Dulles Toll Road numbers Washington Examiner Sections Business Products Partners Share Facebook Twitter RSS Today\'s Paper News Nation World Business Health Science & Technology Politics Campaign 2012 White House Congress Beltway Confidential Yeas and Nays Local D.C. MD VA Education Transportation Crime Sports NFL Redskins Ravens MLB Nationals Orioles NHL Capitals NBA Wizards MLS DC United Golf College Entertainment Food & Wine Music Theater Movies TV Wheels Travel Health Opinion Letters to the Editor Columnists Editorials Nate Beeler\'s Toons Rack Locations Advertise Terms of Use Privacy Circulation Requests Contact Us Classifieds Cars Homes Jobs')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00760', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Skip to content Home Knowledge Base Desktop Management Linux/Unix/OSX Desktop Windows Desktop Miscellaneous Routing Protocols Server Management Linux Windows Web Programming News Web Hosting Web Hosting Customer Info Webmaster Tools KASL Hosting Web Hosting, Knowledge Base and Much More! About Us Contact Us Log In How to configure the Apache web server to run SSL Jan 22 Linux , Windows Following is a step-by-step guide to creating a self-signed SSL certificate for apache2 on the Ubuntu Linux distribution. Procedures here are sufficiently different from my selfsign.html guide applying to other linux distributions that it warranted a separate document. Note that this document can be used a couple different ways. If you follow all the steps you ll have a self-signed SSL certificate and hopefully a working SSL site. If you d rather generate a Certificate Authority CA which you can use to sign multiple certificates, then you should read this document, my general purpose selfsign.html document, and start with the section at the end of this document Generating a CA under Ubuntu. 1 Preliminaries and Packages. If you have a registered DNS name, be sure that you properly set it up. On the Gnome console System->Administration->Networking General. Your host/domain name here should match the one you ll be using in later steps. Use apt-get apt-get install apache2 , Synaptic or some other tool to get and install apache2. You should also have openssl most likely already installed . su to the superuser and make a backup of the original apache configuration file. Call it whatever you want. My practice is to add _original to any default configuration file before I make changes and a _YYYY_MMDD timestamp to later versions I modify whatever works for you. If this is the first time you ve ever done this, you may want to take backups at incremental change points. You should not make a backup of the file in the sites-enabled directory, since both the original and backup will be loaded when you restart apache I discovered this behavior . Also note that a symlink exists from /etc/apache2/sites-enabled/000-default to /etc/apache2/sites-available/default. Instead, back it up in the sites-available directory or some other location. sudo su - cd /etc/apache2/sites-available cp /etc/apache2/sites-available/default default_original 2 Run the SSL certificate generating script. The /usr/sbin/apache2-ssl-certificate script lacks the -days xxx flag, and creates a certificate that only lasts a month by default. One visitor to this web page suggested that the script accepts standard arguments so you can pass additional flags to it. I ve not verified this to be true yet, but I m almost certain he is correct. For example, to generate a self-signed certificate that lasts one year /usr/sbin/apache2-ssl-certificate -days 365 An alternative is to modify the /usr/sbin/apache2-ssl-certificate script itself. If you open this script with an editor, you can see that it s just a thin shell over native openssl commands. Make a back up this script. You ll see a portion in it that looks like this export RANDFILE /dev/random openssl req $@ -config /usr/share/apache2/ssleay.cnf \\ -new -x509 -nodes -out /etc/apache2/ssl/apache.pem \\ -keyout /etc/apache2/ssl/apache.pem Change it to this if want your self-signed cert. to last a full year export RANDFILE /dev/random openssl req $@ -config /usr/share/apache2/ssleay.cnf \\ -new -x509 -days 365 -nodes -out /etc/apache2/ssl/apache.pem \\ -keyout /etc/apache2/ssl/apache.pem Then run the tweaked version, answering the questions as they come. When you re more comfortable working with openssl, you can check out my other doc Creating a self-signed SSL certificate, run the commands natively or modify this script further to suit your tastes. apache2-ssl-certificate 3 Enable ssl. a2enmod ssl 4 Establish a necessary symlink. The first command copies the default configuration file for port 80, to use it as a stub configuration file for 443. The second command establishes a symlink from the available ssl file to the enabled file. The symlinking methodology between the two directories as well as mods-available and mods-enabled is an arrangement briefly explained in /etc/apache2/README. The general idea is that enabled files exist as symlinks created to their available counterparts. cp /etc/apache2/sites-available/default /etc/apache2/sites-available/ssl ln -s /etc/apache2/sites-available/ssl /etc/apache2/sites-enabled/ssl 5 Set up the document roots. The default location for HMTL pages with an initial install of Ubuntu is /var/www and there exists no separate place for ssl files. I prefer to serve up basic HTML pages in /var/www/html and SSL pages in /var/www-ssl/html. Whatever works for you. But at this point I create the directories. cd /var/www mkdir html cd /var mkdir www-ssl cd www-ssl mkdir html 6 Configure virtual hosts. Here you need to tell the apache configuration file the IP of your box, DNS name if any and document roots you just created in the previous step. To configure HTTP over port 80 edit /etc/apache2/sites-available/default NameVirtualHost 80 Note Look down just a bit and make a change to the virtual host settings. VirtualHost 80> ServerName localhost DocumentRoot /var/www/html Note Use your assigned IP or DNS name followed with 80 if you have one for ServerName . Similar procedure for HTTPS over port 443 edit /etc/apache2/sites-available/ssl NameVirtualHost 443 Note Look down just a bit and make a change to the virtual host settings. VirtualHost 443> ServerName localhost DocumentRoot /var/www-ssl/html Note Again, use your assigned IP or a DNS name followed with 443 if you have one for ServerName. 7 Instruct apache2 to listen to 443. Go to this file /etc/apache2/ports.conf and add the following to it Listen 443 8 Turn on the SSL engine. In the middle of /etc/apache2/sites-available/ssl file, after the commented area which says # Possible values include debug, info, notice, warn, error, crit add the following SSLEngine On SSLCertificateFile /etc/apache2/ssl/apache.pem 9 Make an /etc/hosts tweak if need be and restart apache. When starting and stopping Apache there may be a complaint such as Could not determine the server s fully qualified domain name, using 127.0.1.1 for ServerName . You may encounter this if you don t have a DNS name for your server, and are just using a dynamic IP. If this applies to you, go into your /etc/hosts file and make the following changes. Basically, we ll be adding localhost.localdomain to the 127.0.0.1 IP and whatever system name you chose when you installed Ubuntu assuming you ve not changed it . The final line below should be there if you have a static IP, and corresponding DNS name registered to it. If this is the case, earlier steps that wanted ServerName should have a value which corresponds to the DNS name also indicated here. 127.0.0.1 localhost localhost.localdomain your system name 127.0.1.1 your system name static IP if you you have one fully qualified DNS host name if you have one Restart apache. /etc/init.d/apache2 restart Done test it out. Generating a CA under Ubuntu Skip this section unless you want to roll your own Ubuntu Certificate Authority CA using the openssl commands natively. If this is the route you want to take, then you should get familiar with this document and my selfsign.html document. The gameplan in a nutshell Follow steps #1-4 on selfsign.html, then copy the resulting server.key and server.crt files into /etc/apache2/ssl. There may be an apache.pem file sitting there if at some point in the past you used the apache2-ssl-certificate script supplied with Ubuntu to generate a certificate rather than openssl natively . You ll note that this file may have a symlink aimed at it. Apache won t need the apache.pem file or symlink any longer if they exist . You ll then do all of the steps in this document, with the following exceptions you ll skip #2 you don t need to use the apache ssl generating script and in step #8 you ll not reference apache.pem if it exists . Edit your /etc/apache2/sites-available/ssl file and remove any reference to SSLCertificateFile etc/apache2/ssl/apache.pem . Instead, add this SSLEngine On SSLCertificateFile /etc/apache2/ssl/server.crt SSLCertificateKeyFile /etc/apache2/ssl/server.key You ll also need to run the /usr/sbin/a2enmod script if you haven t already done so. Go you /usr/sbin/ and type a2enmod ssl . If you look at this script, it s simply a general purpose utility to establish a symlink between a module in /etc/apache2/mods-available to /etc/apache2/mods-enabled or give a message to the effect that a given module doesn t exist or that it s already symlinked for loading . Restart apache and test it out. none Leave a comment Trackback Comments Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name required Mail will not be published required Website RSS feed for this post comments KASL Hosting KASL Hosting Recent Posts SSH over rsync Backing up a server to S3 Making mod_rewrite on Ubuntu Server actually work PingServer.net plans have been dropped Our newly designed website is here Categories Knowledge Base Desktop Management Linux/Unix/OSX Desktop Windows Desktop Miscellaneous Routing Protocols Server Management Linux Windows Web Programming News Web Hosting Web Hosting Customer Info Webmaster Tools Meta Register Log in Valid XHTML Archives January 2012 Website Statistics Todays visits 116 Hits 4 this page 14 Hits 4 all pages 2761 Total page views 4025 Total Visits 1481 Since January 21, 2012 Online Guests 1 Online Members 0 Copyright 2012 KASL Hosting Design by SRS Solutions top')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00761', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Skip to content Home Knowledge Base Desktop Management Linux/Unix/OSX Desktop Windows Desktop Miscellaneous Routing Protocols Server Management Linux Windows Web Programming News Web Hosting Web Hosting Customer Info Webmaster Tools KASL Hosting Web Hosting, Knowledge Base and Much More! About Us Contact Us Log In How to create a new user in PhpMyAdmin Jan 22 Knowledge Base Go to your PhpMyAdmin main page and you should see a list like this Show MySQL runtime information Show MySQL system variables Processes Character Sets and Collations Storage Engines Reload privileges Privileges Binary log Databases Export Import Log out Click on Privileges. After that, just under the list of users if any you will find a link that says Add New User. Do that. The only permissions necessary are at the check boxes under data. You don t need to give the user permissions under Structure or Administration. Also, you don t need to change the resource limits unless you are hosting websites for many people. none Leave a comment Trackback Comments Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name required Mail will not be published required Website RSS feed for this post comments KASL Hosting KASL Hosting Recent Posts SSH over rsync Backing up a server to S3 Making mod_rewrite on Ubuntu Server actually work PingServer.net plans have been dropped Our newly designed website is here Categories Knowledge Base Desktop Management Linux/Unix/OSX Desktop Windows Desktop Miscellaneous Routing Protocols Server Management Linux Windows Web Programming News Web Hosting Web Hosting Customer Info Webmaster Tools Meta Register Log in Valid XHTML Archives January 2012 Website Statistics Todays visits 116 Hits 4 this page 10 Hits 4 all pages 2766 Total page views 4030 Total Visits 1481 Since January 21, 2012 Online Guests 1 Online Members 0 Copyright 2012 KASL Hosting Design by SRS Solutions top')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00762', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Skip to content Home Knowledge Base Desktop Management Linux/Unix/OSX Desktop Windows Desktop Miscellaneous Routing Protocols Server Management Linux Windows Web Programming News Web Hosting Web Hosting Customer Info Webmaster Tools KASL Hosting Web Hosting, Knowledge Base and Much More! About Us Contact Us Log In Linux DNS Server Setup Jan 22 Linux What is the Domain Name System DNS The DNS is the glue that keeps the Internet together. DNS translates domain name example.com to an IP address and vice versa. It s much easier for us to remember names than numbers. DNS is defined in Request for Comments RFCs 1034 and 1035. Basically, any major Linux distro can be used as a DNS, Web, E-mail, and FTP server, and Suse is not an exception. All in one box and one static IP address. That s all you need! Of course, I am talking about an experimental machine. An educative aproach. If you are seriuos about the Internet, you are going to need minimun two DNS servers, an email server, a web server, an FTP server, a firewall machine may be using ipcop.org, a proxy server, etc. The DNS server is very easy to install. All you need to install is the BIND package, modified the /etc/named.conf file, and create your own zones files. If you are using any type of firewall, keep port 53 open for UDP and TCP. This is the port dedicated to DNS. Edit /etc/named.conf and add your reference zone files. Right after the first reference zone file, in this case zone 0.0.127.in-addr.arpa , add yours, in my case I added two zone references enicaragua.net and sixbone.com. Pay close attention to the open and close braces, quotes, and semicolons. zone "0.0.127.in-addr.arpa" in type master; file "127.0.0.zone"; ; zone "enicaragua.net" in type master; file "enicaragua.zone"; ; zone "sixbone.com" in type master; file "sixbone.zone"; ; Zones files Suse puts the named dir in /var/lib/named. Here is where your zones file will be located. This is the sixbone.com domain s zone file unix /home/ipv6 # more /var/lib/named/sixbone.zone ; DNS record for the sixbone.com domain $TTL 86400 ; max TTL $ORIGIN sixbone.com. @ IN SOA unix.sixbone.com. root.sixbone.com. 2003021401 28800 7200 604800 3600 @ IN A 68.183.62.111 @ IN NS unix.sixbone.com. @ IN MX 10 unix.sixbone.com. www IN CNAME sixbone.com. IN CNAME sixbone.com. Now, we need to test the zone files, so we type rndc reload, next we run rcnamed start. You should get not erros. Next type rcnamed status, you should see the number of zones running, and the last line will say the server is up and running. If you get an error, check braces, quotes, and semicolos in /etc/named.conf. If you want to know more about CNAME, A, NS, etc. Read The DNS & Bind Book Have you seen those sites that if you don t put the www, you cannot get to it Well, it s all in the zone files. If you check the sixbone.com file, you see one reference with the www and one reference without it, these are called CNAME or alias. Bingo! By the same token, you create the same way an FTP server, so on and so forth. In the case of a Web server, you need to check your Apache conf files, and make sure that you create your virtual hosts reference as well. This is another topic. Finally, I run the last check using dig, your DNS friend, and this is what I get unix /home/ipv6 # dig sixbone.com ; >> DiG 9.3.1 >> sixbone.com ;; global options printcmd ;; Got answer ;; ->>HEADER - opcode QUERY, status NOERROR, id 55238 ;; flags qr rd ra; QUERY 1, ANSWER 1, AUTHORITY 1, ADDITIONAL 0 ;; QUESTION SECTION ;sixbone.com. IN A ;; ANSWER SECTION sixbone.com. 86194 IN A 68.183.62.111 ;; AUTHORITY SECTION sixbone.com. 86194 IN NS unix.sixbone.com. ;; Query time 34 msec ;; SERVER 66.51.205.100#53 66.51.205.100 ;; WHEN Thu Jan 13 03 27 51 2005 ;; MSG SIZE rcvd 64 DNS is an exciting topic, and these few lines don t even put a dent to it. For example, you need to register your own domain name with a domain name service provider. i.e ns.com, buydomains.com, etc. By creating these zone files in your server, your DNS server is not going to work, I mean, it won t resolve any domain name at all, may be locally. How the DNS work Here is a link that explain very well how it works How DNS worksEach domain name must have two DNS servers. Some people named their ns1.example.com and ns2,example,com, in my case I named mine unix.sixbone.com unix is the name of the machine itself, or host name in the UNIX jargon. The first reference in the link above, is the root level. These are a series of machines, 13 total to be exact, distributed around the world. I think Japan has two, Europe has a couple more, the US has the most, etc. What are the names of these machines In your /var/lib/named there is a file called root.hint, this file contain the list of the these machines. Here is the file in my Linux box unix /home/ipv6 # more /var/lib/named/root.hint ; This file holds the information on root name servers needed to ; initialize cache of Internet domain name servers ; e.g. reference this file in the "cache . " ; configuration file of BIND domain name servers . ; ; This file is made available by InterNIC ; under anonymous FTP as ; file /domain/named.root ; on server FTP.INTERNIC.NET ; -OR- RS.INTERNIC.NET ; ; last update Jan 29, 2004 ; related version of root zone 2004012900 ; ; ; formerly NS.INTERNIC.NET ; . 3600000 IN NS A.ROOT-SERVERS.NET. A.ROOT-SERVERS.NET. 3600000 A 198.41.0.4 ; ; formerly NS1.ISI.EDU ; . 3600000 NS B.ROOT-SERVERS.NET. B.ROOT-SERVERS.NET. 3600000 A 192.228.79.201 ; ; formerly C.PSI.NET ; . 3600000 NS C.ROOT-SERVERS.NET. C.ROOT-SERVERS.NET. 3600000 A 192.33.4.12 ; ; formerly TERP.UMD.EDU ; . 3600000 NS D.ROOT-SERVERS.NET. D.ROOT-SERVERS.NET. 3600000 A 128.8.10.90 ; ; formerly NS.NASA.GOV ; . 3600000 NS E.ROOT-SERVERS.NET. E.ROOT-SERVERS.NET. 3600000 A 192.203.230.10 ; ; formerly NS.ISC.ORG ; . 3600000 NS F.ROOT-SERVERS.NET. F.ROOT-SERVERS.NET. 3600000 A 192.5.5.241 ; ; formerly NS.NIC.DDN.MIL ; . 3600000 NS G.ROOT-SERVERS.NET. G.ROOT-SERVERS.NET. 3600000 A 192.112.36.4 ; ; formerly AOS.ARL.ARMY.MIL ; . 3600000 NS H.ROOT-SERVERS.NET. H.ROOT-SERVERS.NET. 3600000 A 128.63.2.53 ; ; formerly NIC.NORDU.NET ; . 3600000 NS I.ROOT-SERVERS.NET. I.ROOT-SERVERS.NET. 3600000 A 192.36.148.17 ; ; operated by VeriSign, Inc. ; . 3600000 NS J.ROOT-SERVERS.NET. J.ROOT-SERVERS.NET. 3600000 A 192.58.128.30 ; ; operated by RIPE NCC ; . 3600000 NS K.ROOT-SERVERS.NET. K.ROOT-SERVERS.NET. 3600000 A 193.0.14.129 ; ; operated by ICANN ; . 3600000 NS L.ROOT-SERVERS.NET. L.ROOT-SERVERS.NET. 3600000 A 198.32.64.12 ; ; operated by WIDE ; . 3600000 NS M.ROOT-SERVERS.NET. M.ROOT-SERVERS.NET. 3600000 A 202.12.27.33 ; End of File The last machine listed in this root.hint file is locates in Paris, France. Just use visualroute.com to find the rest. Keep in mind that we are inserting a machine to the biggest network of the world The Internet. And this machine must be capable to let everybody know regardless where they are how to find example.com, how to find this domain name and its contents. For a small local network, you don t need a DNS server, you can use the first approach since the ARPANET s days of resolving names to IP addresses the hosts file located in /etc/hosts none Leave a comment Trackback Comments Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name required Mail will not be published required Website RSS feed for this post comments KASL Hosting KASL Hosting Recent Posts SSH over rsync Backing up a server to S3 Making mod_rewrite on Ubuntu Server actually work PingServer.net plans have been dropped Our newly designed website is here Categories Knowledge Base Desktop Management Linux/Unix/OSX Desktop Windows Desktop Miscellaneous Routing Protocols Server Management Linux Windows Web Programming News Web Hosting Web Hosting Customer Info Webmaster Tools Meta Register Log in Valid XHTML Archives January 2012 Website Statistics Todays visits 116 Hits 4 this page 10 Hits 4 all pages 2760 Total page views 4024 Total Visits 1481 Since January 21, 2012 Online Guests 1 Online Members 0 Copyright 2012 KASL Hosting Design by SRS Solutions top')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00763', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Skip to content Home Knowledge Base Desktop Management Linux/Unix/OSX Desktop Windows Desktop Miscellaneous Routing Protocols Server Management Linux Windows Web Programming News Web Hosting Web Hosting Customer Info Webmaster Tools KASL Hosting Web Hosting, Knowledge Base and Much More! About Us Contact Us Log In Mod your Php installation to handle larger uploads Jan 22 Linux , Windows Though PHP presents a very versatile and user friendly interface for handling file uploads, the default installation is not geared for working with files in excess of 2 Mega Bytes. This article will help you configure your PHP engine for handling such large file transfers. The php.ini File All the configuration settings for your installation are contained in the php.ini file. Sometimes these setting might be overridden by directives in apache .htaccess files or even with in the scripts themselves. However you cannot over ride the settings that effect file uploads with .htaccess directives in this way. So let s just concentrate on the ini file. You can call the phpinfo function to find the location of your php.ini file, it will also tell you the current values for the following settings that we need to modify file_uploads upload_max_filesize max_input_time memory_limit max_execution_time post_max_size The first one is fairly obvious if you set this off, uploading is disabled for your installation. We will cover the rest of the configuration settings in detail below. upload_max_filesize and post_max_size memory_limit max_execution_time and max_input_time Files are usually POSTed to the webserver in a format known as multipart/form-data . The post_max_size sets the upper limit on the amount of data that a script can accept in this manner. Ideally this value should be larger than the value that you set for upload_max_filesize. It s important to realize that upload_max_filesize is the sum of the sizes of all the files that you are uploading. post_max_size is the upload_max_filesize plus the sum of the lengths of all the other fields in the form plus any mime headers that the encoder might include. Since these fields are typically small you can often approximate the upload max size to the post max size. According to the PHP documentation you can set a MAX_UPLOAD_LIMIT in your HTML form to suggest a limit to the browser. Our understanding is that browsers totally ignore this directive and the only solution that can impose such a client side restriction is our own Rad Upload Applet When the PHP engine is handling an incoming POST it needs to keep some of the incoming data in memory. This directive has any effect only if you have used the enable-memory-limit option at configuration time. Setting too high a value can be very dangerous because if several uploads are being handled concurrently all available memory will be used up and other unrelated scripts that consume a lot of memory might effect the whole server as well. These settings define the maximum life time of the script and the time that the script should spend in accepting input. If several mega bytes of data are being transfered max_input_time should be reasonably high. You can override the setting in the ini file for max_input_time by calling the set_time_limit function in your scripts. Additonal Comments Apache Settings Other Options The apache webserver has a LimitRequestBody configuration directive that restricts the size of all POST data regardless of the web scripting language in use. Some RPM installations sets limit request body to 512Kb. You will need to change this to a larger value or remove the entry altogether. If you expect to handle a large number of concurrent file transfers on your website consider using a perl or java server side component. PHP happens to be our favourite web programming language as well but perl and Java are just slightly ahead when it comes to file upload. Most installations of perl as an apache module can accept in excess of 32 megabytes out of the box. Compare this against the 2MB default for PHP. The downside is that perl coding takes just a bit more effort than PHP but it s worth it. You can try our sample scripts to get started. none Leave a comment Trackback Comments Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name required Mail will not be published required Website RSS feed for this post comments KASL Hosting KASL Hosting Recent Posts SSH over rsync Backing up a server to S3 Making mod_rewrite on Ubuntu Server actually work PingServer.net plans have been dropped Our newly designed website is here Categories Knowledge Base Desktop Management Linux/Unix/OSX Desktop Windows Desktop Miscellaneous Routing Protocols Server Management Linux Windows Web Programming News Web Hosting Web Hosting Customer Info Webmaster Tools Meta Register Log in Valid XHTML Archives January 2012 Website Statistics Todays visits 116 Hits 4 this page 44 Hits 4 all pages 2758 Total page views 4022 Total Visits 1481 Since January 21, 2012 Online Guests 1 Online Members 0 Copyright 2012 KASL Hosting Design by SRS Solutions top')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00764', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Skip to content Home Knowledge Base Desktop Management Linux/Unix/OSX Desktop Windows Desktop Miscellaneous Routing Protocols Server Management Linux Windows Web Programming News Web Hosting Web Hosting Customer Info Webmaster Tools KASL Hosting Web Hosting, Knowledge Base and Much More! About Us Contact Us Log In Setting up Cron to run jobs Jan 22 Linux , Linux/Unix/OSX Desktop cron is a Linux system daemon that will execute a program at a preset time. To use cron, log in as the user that cron needs to run as, and execute the following command in the terminal crontab -e Here is the format of a cron job file [min] [hour] [day of month] [month] [day of week] [program to be run] where each field is defined as [min] Minutes that program should be executed on. 0-59. Do not set as or the program will be run once a minute. [hour] Hour that program should be executed on. 0-23. for every hour. [day of month] Day of the month that process should be executed on. 1-31. for every day. [month] Month that program whould be executed on. 1-12 for every month. [day of week] Day of the week. 0-6 where Sunday 0, Monday 1, ., Saturday 6. for every day of the week. [program] Program to be executed. Include full path information. Here are some examples 0,15,30,45 /usr/bin/foo Will run /usr/bin/foo every 15 minutes on every hour, day-of-month, month, and day-of-week. In other words, it will run every 15 minutes for as long as the machine it running. 10 3 /usr/bin/foo Will run /usr/bin/foo at 3 10am on every day. 10 1 /usr/bin/foo Will run /usr/bin/foo at 12 10am on the first day of the month. 10 1 /usr/bin/foo Will run /usr/bin/foo at 12 10am on the first month of the year. 10 14 1 /usr/bin/foo Will run /usr/bin/foo at 2 10pm on every Monday. There are more options for these. See man man crontab -S 5. You must use crontab to load cron jobs into cron. First create a text file that uses the above rule to describe the cron job that you want to load into cron. But before you load it, type crontab -l to list any jobs that are currently loaded in crontab. If none are listed, then it is safe to load your job. Example. If you wanted to run /usr/local/bin/foo once a day at 3 10am, then create a text file 10 3 /usr/bin/foo none Leave a comment Trackback Comments SSH over rsync - KASL Hosting January 31st, 2012 at 8 53 AM Reply [...] comes really handy. There are all kinds of options for cron to view them, check out my knowledge base article on [...] Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name required Mail will not be published required Website RSS feed for this post comments KASL Hosting KASL Hosting Recent Posts SSH over rsync Backing up a server to S3 Making mod_rewrite on Ubuntu Server actually work PingServer.net plans have been dropped Our newly designed website is here Categories Knowledge Base Desktop Management Linux/Unix/OSX Desktop Windows Desktop Miscellaneous Routing Protocols Server Management Linux Windows Web Programming News Web Hosting Web Hosting Customer Info Webmaster Tools Meta Register Log in Valid XHTML Archives January 2012 Website Statistics Todays visits 116 Hits 4 this page 26 Hits 4 all pages 2763 Total page views 4027 Total Visits 1481 Since January 21, 2012 Online Guests 1 Online Members 0 Copyright 2012 KASL Hosting Design by SRS Solutions top')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00766', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"> Login Have an account Create account or Login with Facebook Login with Twitter Login with Vkontakte Username Password Keep me logged in Forgot your password or username merve mumcu merveyis Answers 96 izmit Yakup akliman Yakupppp Answers 24 stanbuL redha4r Answers 516 USA , Pittsburgh Alina Nilova alinekraun Answers 154 USA Kristina krista95 Answers 3 Nashaly \' Semidey Nasshy Answers 239 San Juan ; & Toa Baja . NeGhriitahOrguiioZiitahx FiichuBarb Answers 66 Hartford, CT Melina Varusco MJVB Answers 5 jackdaniels1 Answers 196 , Oksana Turetska Ksu555 Answers 19 Mariana Crist falo MarianaCristofalo Answers 60 Uruguay, Montevideo Alexa AlexandraGarzon Answers 45 Zipaquira MapoCastro MapoCastro Answers 35 Ask and answer JOIN NOW! See who\'s here English Fran ais Deutsch Espa ol Italiano T rk e Polski all languages SIA Ask.fm 2012 | Privacy | Terms | Logos and buttons | Contact us Language English')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00767', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"> Login Have an account Create account or Login with Facebook Login with Twitter Login with Vkontakte Username Password Keep me logged in Forgot your password or username donseng AIGOO3 korea ^^ i love k- pop and i want u to smile all the time 0 gifts 56 likes 82 answers + Follow Make a gift Which is the most delicious food for you all fast foods about 8 hours ago The answer has been deleted SIA Ask.fm 2012 | Privacy | Terms | Logos and buttons | Contact us Language English')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00768', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"> Login Have an account Create account or Login with Facebook Login with Twitter Login with Vkontakte Username Password Keep me logged in Forgot your password or username wagc AlexGimenez barquisimeto. https //twitter.com/#!/Aleexg24 0 gifts 36 likes 147 answers + Follow Make a gift Como estas bello - Sad and you about 5 hours ago The answer has been deleted SIA Ask.fm 2012 | Privacy | Terms | Logos and buttons | Contact us Language English')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00769', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"> Login Have an account Create account or Login with Facebook Login with Twitter Login with Vkontakte Username Password Keep me logged in Forgot your password or username Mohammed Almedlij Almedlij kuwait While others change the rules, I change the game. http //twitter.com/#!/M_Almedlij 2 gifts 1017 likes 1817 answers + Follow Make a gift NO ur not gust student @@ !! Ur still in auk I swear I am in gust now ! about 7 hours ago 1 person likes this The answer has been deleted SIA Ask.fm 2012 | Privacy | Terms | Logos and buttons | Contact us Language English')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00770', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"> Login Have an account Create account or Login with Facebook Login with Twitter Login with Vkontakte Username Password Keep me logged in Forgot your password or username . t S t almzZn t 0 gifts 7 likes 22 answers + Follow Make a gift Which is the most delicious food for you Pasta + Pizza ; about 6 hours ago The answer has been deleted SIA Ask.fm 2012 | Privacy | Terms | Logos and buttons | Contact us Language English')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00771', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"> Login Have an account Create account or Login with Facebook Login with Twitter Login with Vkontakte Username Password Keep me logged in Forgot your password or username Ameena Alkandari Ameenaalk Kuwait 0 gifts 177 likes 352 answers + Follow Make a gift Baitkm entiw banena wla a7d thany E7na about 7 hours ago The answer has been deleted SIA Ask.fm 2012 | Privacy | Terms | Logos and buttons | Contact us Language English')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00772', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"> Login Have an account Create account or Login with Facebook Login with Twitter Login with Vkontakte Username Password Keep me logged in Forgot your password or username _q8 Asameee 8 City v c http //twitter.com/Asa_q8 c http //Justwe.ahlamontada.net 0 gifts 749 likes 177 answers + Follow Make a gift I like ur tweet Really ... Thanx XD about 4 hours ago The answer has been deleted SIA Ask.fm 2012 | Privacy | Terms | Logos and buttons | Contact us Language English')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00773', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"> Login Have an account Create account or Login with Facebook Login with Twitter Login with Vkontakte Username Password Keep me logged in Forgot your password or username Bader Al\'Darmi BAD223 Kuwait 0 gifts 33 likes 60 answers + Follow Make a gift Which is the most delicious food for you Hard question // about 5 hours ago The answer has been deleted SIA Ask.fm 2012 | Privacy | Terms | Logos and buttons | Contact us Language English')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00774', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"> Login Have an account Create account or Login with Facebook Login with Twitter Login with Vkontakte Username Password Keep me logged in Forgot your password or username basma baf223 qourtuba-kuwait | .. ! [ ] 0 gifts 413 likes 378 answers + Follow Make a gift Where will you go today Abdullah AlHaddad Omw slider about 5 hours ago 5 people like this The answer has been deleted SIA Ask.fm 2012 | Privacy | Terms | Logos and buttons | Contact us Language English')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00775', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"> Login Have an account Create account or Login with Facebook Login with Twitter Login with Vkontakte Username Password Keep me logged in Forgot your password or username besholina Besholina 0 gifts 12 likes 6 answers + Follow Make a gift who\'s your bf Hahaa ; am sry bs ma bgol about 5 hours ago The answer has been deleted SIA Ask.fm 2012 | Privacy | Terms | Logos and buttons | Contact us Language English')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00776', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"> Login Have an account Create account or Login with Facebook Login with Twitter Login with Vkontakte Username Password Keep me logged in Forgot your password or username biebersbeast 0 gifts 45 likes 139 answers + Follow Make a gift Ask me a question RSS answers new answer new answers new answers new answers you never show your face -.- are you a fake or a spion No i\'m joking, could you please make a video Please, i\'m too shy to ask you tfw lol yes i\'m a spion aww omg why you dont need to be, i dont bite, send me a message or sth, i always write back about 5 hours ago do you like selena gomez sureee about 5 hours ago was bist du f r land ich war die die gefragt hat ob du deutsch bist ich bin iranerin ;D achso okay, haha von wo kommst du about 5 hours ago fav movies never say never, high school musical, twilight, 17 again, the last song, monte carlo, date movie and many horrormovies \' about 5 hours ago how do you see yourself ummmm, ugly enough to kill someone about 5 hours ago r u female or male female about 5 hours ago dein zeugnis ist doch garnicht so schlecht wie du geschrieben hast ;D in welchem zweig bist du und in die wievielte gehst du magst du deine schule bzw deine klasse ich hab nicht gesagt, dass es schlecht ist. aber ich bin nicht zufrieden mit b real, achte klasse und nein, beides nicht. about 5 hours ago Which is the most delicious food for you doener ae4u9ewhfc about 5 hours ago you are gorgeous 3 awww thank you 3who are u D 4 days ago hottie 33 FeliFeliFeli http //28.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lxpwd9OkCh1qgb0w5o1_500.jpg 4 days ago do you have any siblings yes 2 4 days ago give me a cookie !Q!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Q http //28.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lfnd8qjaJw1qzj6uuo1_500.jpg 4 days ago are you martinas friend omg this attentionwhore ! why do you feel so sorry for her & what was wrong with her no i don\'t know her so well but we tweeted together.. i believed her, cos she told me her story but.. now, i dont give a shit. 4 days ago Where is the coldest place you have ever been and what was the temperature here in narnia -20 4 days ago http //26.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lyuhacvzqf1r0miuho1_400.gif omg stop that hahaha lmfao 5 days ago me too wut 5 days ago YOUR ICON _ 3 5 days ago bist du deutsche oderwas anders was anderes, aber bin hier geboren 5 days ago have u ever seen justin bieber live ! ! ! yes 5 days ago What was the last movie that disappointed you idk 5 days ago yes she is a fake belieber okay gtfo 7 days ago mit "wie wars" will ich die noten wissen hahah ; alsoooooo xD arbeitsverhalten 3 sozialverhalten 2 ethik 1 mathematik 4 DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD deutsch 3 englisch 2 chemie 3 physik 3 info 4 -.- geschichte 3 musik 3 franz sisch 2 7 days ago und wie wars ;D sind deine eltern streng wenn es um noten geht ;DD Ja, im ersten halbjahr nicht so.. eher so ab dem vierer bereich lol. geht geht.. 7 days ago Ich hab mein zeugnis heute bekommen du auch Joa 7 days ago How do you feel about religion i\'m muslim, alhamdulillah 7 days ago This user hasn\'t answered any questions yet. SIA Ask.fm 2012 | Privacy | Terms | Logos and buttons | Contact us Language English')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00777', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"> Login Have an account Create account or Login with Facebook Login with Twitter Login with Vkontakte Username Password Keep me logged in Forgot your password or username Abdullah Al-Thajeb buthajeb kuwait .Australian College Of Kuwait Twitter @Bu_Thajeb 0 gifts 313 likes 393 answers + Follow Make a gift Which is the most delicious food for you Crabs 33 about 7 hours ago 2 people like this The answer has been deleted SIA Ask.fm 2012 | Privacy | Terms | Logos and buttons | Contact us Language English')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00778', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"> Login Have an account Create account or Login with Facebook Login with Twitter Login with Vkontakte Username Password Keep me logged in Forgot your password or username a la Karaca CaglaKaraca 0 gifts 0 likes 2 answers + Follow Make a gift Ask me a question RSS answers new answer new answers new answers new answers Kusursuz bir ehirde ne olmal her eyyy.... about 6 hours ago Bo zamanlar n z yaln z m yoksa birileriyle mi ge irmeyi seversiniz birileriyle tabi ki yaln z s k l r m about 6 hours ago This user hasn\'t answered any questions yet. SIA Ask.fm 2012 | Privacy | Terms | Logos and buttons | Contact us Language English')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00779', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"> Login Have an account Create account or Login with Facebook Login with Twitter Login with Vkontakte Username Password Keep me logged in Forgot your password or username isenti abukel cisenticabukel 0 gifts 3 likes 67 answers + Follow Make a gift Sor . RSS answers new answer new answers new answers new answers hi afyona gelmeyi d nd n m Hay r d nmedim 4 minutes ago En son hangi filmi izledin Berlin kaplan about 5 hours ago tan sal m .d u ur k ymaz bence tan mayal m yesterday tamm anonim filan yk .d.d evt telefon .d.d u ur k ymaz Tan mad m ki ilerede telefon yook yesterday 1 person likes this burdam tan tcam Erkin Ba ka bi se ene in yok yesterday 1 person likes this telefon numaran vereblrmsn Anonimlere telefon yook yesterday 1 person likes this nerelisin stanbuul yesterday tan sak m . garda .d Erkin Tan t kendini gardaa yesterday sevgilin varm Yok yesterday ya ka 15 yesterday ya ka u ur k ymaz 15 yesterday tan sak m . garda .d Sen kimsin garda yesterday Tan abilirmmiyiz Kimsiin yesterday Hi vejetaryen olmay d nd n z m Hay r yesterday Hi para t ile atlamaya kalk r m yd n z Hay r 2 days ago sa lar n uzam sevdim bunu meltem korucuo lu Te ekk r ederim Ama kestiricem galba.s 2 days ago Nas ls n yiyim. sen 2 days ago ne olmak istersin Avukat yada mimar 2 days ago insanlar n i inde rahatm s nd r E er yak n evremse ok rahat m ama di er insanlar aras nda o kadar rahat de ilim 2 days ago hakk nda bir yaz yazar m s n yazarsam uzun s rer o y zdn sen sor ben s liyim 3 days ago what is the perfect person for you that you like most ... Turk sh pleasee 4 days ago Anonim ne demek D Belirsiz ki i D 4 days ago En favor sosyal payla m sitesi hangisi Face herlde 4 days ago ngilizce afyonkarah sarlast ramad klarm zdan m s n z desene D Are you afyonkarah sarlast ramad klarm zdan D 4 days ago favori sanat n Bi ka tane var. Emre Ayd n , ebnem Ferah ,Kolpa 5 days ago This user hasn\'t answered any questions yet. SIA Ask.fm 2012 | Privacy | Terms | Logos and buttons | Contact us Language English')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00780', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"> Login Have an account Create account or Login with Facebook Login with Twitter Login with Vkontakte Username Password Keep me logged in Forgot your password or username RASHED\'CA CoolAngel U.A.E Twitter @ Coolangel1 flicker www.flickr.com/cool-angel/ 0 gifts 31 likes 26 answers + Follow Make a gift Where are you from mn el.UAE Alain OR AD !! Rak about 5 hours ago 2 people like this The answer has been deleted SIA Ask.fm 2012 | Privacy | Terms | Logos and buttons | Contact us Language English')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00781', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"> Login Have an account Create account or Login with Facebook Login with Twitter Login with Vkontakte Username Password Keep me logged in Forgot your password or username RASHED\'CA CoolAngel U.A.E Twitter @ Coolangel1 flicker www.flickr.com/cool-angel/ 0 gifts 31 likes 26 answers + Follow Make a gift - W y7f\'6ch 3 hathe mn tho8ch about 5 hours ago The answer has been deleted SIA Ask.fm 2012 | Privacy | Terms | Logos and buttons | Contact us Language English')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00782', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"> Login Have an account Create account or Login with Facebook Login with Twitter Login with Vkontakte Username Password Keep me logged in Forgot your password or username D.W.A DndoOoOosha http //twitter.com/#!/DndoOoOosha Q8 0 gifts 137 likes 193 answers + Follow Make a gift do you know @miss_Danoo ! s about 7 hours ago The answer has been deleted SIA Ask.fm 2012 | Privacy | Terms | Logos and buttons | Contact us Language English')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00783', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"> Login Have an account Create account or Login with Facebook Login with Twitter Login with Vkontakte Username Password Keep me logged in Forgot your password or username Nada AlJazzaf DoshaAlJ Kuwait Am an English teacher .. A7eb el hdo2 w a7eb ag3ad with my family .. W anything else u wanna know , u r welcome to ask 0 gifts 325 likes 137 answers + Follow Make a gift ana 6oly 154 bshof mno a6wal ana wla entay o chm 6olich $ Loool krboon no ana a6wal am 160 about 7 hours ago 2 people like this The answer has been deleted SIA Ask.fm 2012 | Privacy | Terms | Logos and buttons | Contact us Language English')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00784', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"> Login Have an account Create account or Login with Facebook Login with Twitter Login with Vkontakte Username Password Keep me logged in Forgot your password or username Elaf Baeshen ElafBaeshen jeddah 0 gifts 1 likes 4 answers + Follow Make a gift What would be your first order if you become a king Create a new civilization! abdullah bin abdulazin 7afezaho allah yakfe oo yewaffe about 6 hours ago The answer has been deleted SIA Ask.fm 2012 | Privacy | Terms | Logos and buttons | Contact us Language English')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00785', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"> Login Have an account Create account or Login with Facebook Login with Twitter Login with Vkontakte Username Password Keep me logged in Forgot your password or username Toma 3yara - Boushehrii Fa6o0oumiii Kuwait Ask what Ever you want But [ eli ys2l b\'7tram a9eerla 8ma fi el adab wili ys2l as2la zbala a9eerla 8ma eb 8lat el adab ; 0 gifts 926 likes 1178 answers + Follow Make a gift complete; I love .. I hate .. I Miss ... I want U mama Mama ;p , Um 7 kroosh.; MFM about 6 hours ago 2 people like this The answer has been deleted SIA Ask.fm 2012 | Privacy | Terms | Logos and buttons | Contact us Language English')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00786', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"> Login Have an account Create account or Login with Facebook Login with Twitter Login with Vkontakte Username Password Keep me logged in Forgot your password or username Fajer AL-Otaibi FajerALOtaibi South Surra -Kuwait http //www.twitter.com/#!/Fajer_OTB 0 gifts 131 likes 93 answers + Follow Make a gift Which is the most delicious food for you Ooofff wayed 3ala 7sb elmzach y3ni bs mst7el ykoun 9e7i xp about 6 hours ago 1 person likes this The answer has been deleted SIA Ask.fm 2012 | Privacy | Terms | Logos and buttons | Contact us Language English')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00787', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"> Login Have an account Create account or Login with Facebook Login with Twitter Login with Vkontakte Username Password Keep me logged in Forgot your password or username Hamoud BiN Sultan HamoudBFAM Canada 0 gifts 10 likes 5 answers + Follow Make a gift fuck u son of a bitch 00100 Disrespect, I won\'t say f k u I will say, Nice this is show ur personalty about 5 hours ago 2 people like this The answer has been deleted SIA Ask.fm 2012 | Privacy | Terms | Logos and buttons | Contact us Language English')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00788', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"> Login Have an account Create account or Login with Facebook Login with Twitter Login with Vkontakte Username Password Keep me logged in Forgot your password or username Hussain abdullridah Hussainabdullridah Kuwait-san diego usa D5la al zman w fr8 bynana en al zman mofr8 al a7babe ;p http //Ask.fm/hussainabdullridah 0 gifts 46 likes 98 answers + Follow Make a gift witch is your favorite food Seafood about 8 hours ago 1 person likes this The answer has been deleted SIA Ask.fm 2012 | Privacy | Terms | Logos and buttons | Contact us Language English')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00789', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"> Login Have an account Create account or Login with Facebook Login with Twitter Login with Vkontakte Username Password Keep me logged in Forgot your password or username Hussain zainal Hzainal Kuwait I opened this page for fun.. Want to know more about me ask me and welcome to my page -_- 0 gifts 13 likes 34 answers + Follow Make a gift I Miss you I Miss you too about 8 hours ago The answer has been deleted SIA Ask.fm 2012 | Privacy | Terms | Logos and buttons | Contact us Language English')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00790', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"> Login Have an account Create account or Login with Facebook Login with Twitter Login with Vkontakte Username Password Keep me logged in Forgot your password or username Aldawi almarri imdawi University student and worker . 0 gifts 87 likes 128 answers + Follow Make a gift What kind of movies do you like Drama about 8 hours ago The answer has been deleted SIA Ask.fm 2012 | Privacy | Terms | Logos and buttons | Contact us Language English')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00791', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"> Login Have an account Create account or Login with Facebook Login with Twitter Login with Vkontakte Username Password Keep me logged in Forgot your password or username . . itoma33 Riyadh 3 I don\'t wanna love you again So live your life I\'m tomy 14\\15 Y-o I love Korea I\'m big fan Shinee & super junior @ rorasweet @ SDTR http //sayat.me/teuk http //twitter.com/#!/11to0ommy http //www.formspring.me/to0omme http //teuk11.tumblr.com/ http //about.me/tome2 0 gifts 1574 likes 1057 answers + Follow Make a gift Which is the most delicious food for you Macaroni and authority of the corn about 7 hours ago The answer has been deleted SIA Ask.fm 2012 | Privacy | Terms | Logos and buttons | Contact us Language English')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00792', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"> Login Have an account Create account or Login with Facebook Login with Twitter Login with Vkontakte Username Password Keep me logged in Forgot your password or username itsDS_ itsDS UAE - Sharjah & Abu Dhabi 0 gifts 2 likes 10 answers + Follow Make a gift What is the most thing u like about me And the most u hate Ll2amana T.T Am New Here w Ma3rrf Sho alSalfa I don\'t know u x_x ! about 6 hours ago 1 person likes this The answer has been deleted SIA Ask.fm 2012 | Privacy | Terms | Logos and buttons | Contact us Language English')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00793', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"> Login Have an account Create account or Login with Facebook Login with Twitter Login with Vkontakte Username Password Keep me logged in Forgot your password or username JaySiose JaySiose Kuwait 50%Pinoy&50%Janjasta I\'m Pinoysta^^ 70%Kind&30%Crit Chance Ima Kill Ya! 100&%YADA Wise ; Am still the GibbiJay https //twitter.com/#!/JaySiose 0 gifts 47 likes 74 answers + Follow Make a gift Which is the most delicious food for you Asian food about 5 hours ago 1 person likes this The answer has been deleted SIA Ask.fm 2012 | Privacy | Terms | Logos and buttons | Contact us Language English')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00794', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"> Login Have an account Create account or Login with Facebook Login with Twitter Login with Vkontakte Username Password Keep me logged in Forgot your password or username Stayforever Juakky Nyannyannyannyannyannyan... 8 I 3 @ NataliaRRRRII 3 abcdefghijklmn opqrstuvwxyz 3 Como poco coco como poco coco compro http //dolge513.elbruto.es ewe ewe Eres l o m e j o r q u e m e h a pasado. http //ask.fm/Juakky/answer/4000000074569 ^ El orgullo es como el semen, unos se la tragan y otros no. 3 I freak https //twitter.com/#!/JuakySykes @Nomeaburronada te amo 33 0 gifts 1602 likes 4075 answers + Follow Make a gift Usted hoy rio e.e C spedeh La duda ofende e.e and you about 7 hours ago The answer has been deleted SIA Ask.fm 2012 | Privacy | Terms | Logos and buttons | Contact us Language English')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00795', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"> Login Have an account Create account or Login with Facebook Login with Twitter Login with Vkontakte Username Password Keep me logged in Forgot your password or username lulwa alaseeri laloty kuwait http //twitter.com/lulwalaseeri 0 gifts 364 likes 402 answers + Follow Make a gift Fa6oom is ur sis Yes! about 7 hours ago 1 person likes this The answer has been deleted SIA Ask.fm 2012 | Privacy | Terms | Logos and buttons | Contact us Language English')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00796', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"> Login Have an account Create account or Login with Facebook Login with Twitter Login with Vkontakte Username Password Keep me logged in Forgot your password or username mohamed alkaabi m7amadak AbuDhabi Mashay bio 0 gifts 2 likes 3 answers + Follow Make a gift Which is the most delicious food for you Pizza 3 about 7 hours ago 2 people like this The answer has been deleted SIA Ask.fm 2012 | Privacy | Terms | Logos and buttons | Contact us Language English')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00797', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"> Login Have an account Create account or Login with Facebook Login with Twitter Login with Vkontakte Username Password Keep me logged in Forgot your password or username Al-Rayes MAKZii Kuwait MAK A simple not bad looking ;p 22 years old guy that love Photography, Addicted To Canon, A big fan of Real Madrid, and always a happy and a hopeful guy... http //www.flickr.com/photos/makzii/ https //twitter.com/#!/M_Al_Rayes 0 gifts 230 likes 261 answers + Follow Make a gift Shrayk bl awam ele yg6on nfs-hm nfs ele ga3 ys2lonk t7t ! ; Magalaw shay \'3ala6 about 5 hours ago The answer has been deleted SIA Ask.fm 2012 | Privacy | Terms | Logos and buttons | Contact us Language English')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00798', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"> Login Have an account Create account or Login with Facebook Login with Twitter Login with Vkontakte Username Password Keep me logged in Forgot your password or username muhamed alajmii malajmii 0 gifts 932 likes 738 answers + Follow Make a gift LOL! I just adore youuuuu!!! LOOOOL ok about 6 hours ago 1 person likes this The answer has been deleted SIA Ask.fm 2012 | Privacy | Terms | Logos and buttons | Contact us Language English')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00799', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"> Login Have an account Create account or Login with Facebook Login with Twitter Login with Vkontakte Username Password Keep me logged in Forgot your password or username MaryamBintN MemeAlNuaimi Qatar Live&LoveLife 0 gifts 6 likes 13 answers + Follow Make a gift What movie star would you most like to meet Selena Gomez about 7 hours ago The answer has been deleted SIA Ask.fm 2012 | Privacy | Terms | Logos and buttons | Contact us Language English')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00800', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"> Login Have an account Create account or Login with Facebook Login with Twitter Login with Vkontakte Username Password Keep me logged in Forgot your password or username Mona MonaAlS Kuwait You ask me! 0 gifts 88 likes 179 answers + Follow Make a gift Which is the most delicious food for you Salads with extra lemon about 7 hours ago The answer has been deleted SIA Ask.fm 2012 | Privacy | Terms | Logos and buttons | Contact us Language English')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00801', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"> Login Have an account Create account or Login with Facebook Login with Twitter Login with Vkontakte Username Password Keep me logged in Forgot your password or username Moza Al-khalifa MozaAlkhalifa somewhere! 11/2 DavidVilla is AMAZING; ! http //twitter.com/#!/MozaAlkhalifa_ 0 gifts 915 likes 1051 answers + Follow Make a gift if you see a theif what you will do how about a geennii 0.0 3looshi bgoul bsmllah.. about 7 hours ago The answer has been deleted SIA Ask.fm 2012 | Privacy | Terms | Logos and buttons | Contact us Language English')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00802', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"> Login Have an account Create account or Login with Facebook Login with Twitter Login with Vkontakte Username Password Keep me logged in Forgot your password or username N NAM66 Qurtoba+965 0 gifts 126 likes 312 answers + Follow Make a gift Fav quote Nothing specific about 5 hours ago 2 people like this The answer has been deleted SIA Ask.fm 2012 | Privacy | Terms | Logos and buttons | Contact us Language English')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00803', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"> Login Have an account Create account or Login with Facebook Login with Twitter Login with Vkontakte Username Password Keep me logged in Forgot your password or username m r ; Q8 NmooraQ8x3 kuwait " http //twitter.com/#!/NmooraQ8 0 gifts 105 likes 35 answers + Follow Make a gift http //ask.fm/aldossarii/answer/10000002710698 your like .D Um ... Great about 5 hours ago 2 people like this The answer has been deleted SIA Ask.fm 2012 | Privacy | Terms | Logos and buttons | Contact us Language English')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00804', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"> Login Have an account Create account or Login with Facebook Login with Twitter Login with Vkontakte Username Password Keep me logged in Forgot your password or username R-ALRASHEED RasH0oD 0 gifts 0 likes 2 answers + Follow Make a gift How r u , how old r u , take\'n or singl ! Fine , 26 , still alone about 7 hours ago The answer has been deleted SIA Ask.fm 2012 | Privacy | Terms | Logos and buttons | Contact us Language English')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00805', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"> Login Have an account Create account or Login with Facebook Login with Twitter Login with Vkontakte Username Password Keep me logged in Forgot your password or username R-ALRASHEED RasH0oD 0 gifts 0 likes 2 answers + Follow Make a gift Which is the most delicious food for you Pizzza .. about 7 hours ago The answer has been deleted SIA Ask.fm 2012 | Privacy | Terms | Logos and buttons | Contact us Language English')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00806', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"> Login Have an account Create account or Login with Facebook Login with Twitter Login with Vkontakte Username Password Keep me logged in Forgot your password or username IReema RAY00MAH 0 gifts 1207 likes 128 answers + Follow Make a gift at3rfeen wa7dah asmha sara rashid ay school Es\'AL-dosari Ee a3rfha bs madre he b2e mdrsah bs2lha w brdlch 5abr about 6 hours ago 4 people like this The answer has been deleted SIA Ask.fm 2012 | Privacy | Terms | Logos and buttons | Contact us Language English')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00807', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"> Login Have an account Create account or Login with Facebook Login with Twitter Login with Vkontakte Username Password Keep me logged in Forgot your password or username Reem Almulla RayoomaAlmulla Kuwait Artist and poet in emotions 0 gifts 190 likes 260 answers + Follow Make a gift Do u freak out when u get a little upset like screaming, yelling or crying Don Lawless ALOT about 8 hours ago 1 person likes this The answer has been deleted SIA Ask.fm 2012 | Privacy | Terms | Logos and buttons | Contact us Language English')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00808', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"> Login Have an account Create account or Login with Facebook Login with Twitter Login with Vkontakte Username Password Keep me logged in Forgot your password or username RazooG RazooGQ8y Kuwait 0 gifts 25 likes 65 answers + Follow Make a gift Mako thoq!!!!! Mat7b rowaishd @ ilNasss Athwaaq about 6 hours ago The answer has been deleted SIA Ask.fm 2012 | Privacy | Terms | Logos and buttons | Contact us Language English')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00809', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"> Login Have an account Create account or Login with Facebook Login with Twitter Login with Vkontakte Username Password Keep me logged in Forgot your password or username Itsjustme reemsaleh4 Kuwait I\'m a girl , a teenager , I love writing songs & stories, I hate my life !!! Ask me any thing !!! ; 0 gifts 70 likes 103 answers + Follow Make a gift How do you celebrate when something great happens By hanging out with my BFF !!! Or simply play some loud music !!!;p about 7 hours ago 1 person likes this The answer has been deleted SIA Ask.fm 2012 | Privacy | Terms | Logos and buttons | Contact us Language English')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00810', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"> Login Have an account Create account or Login with Facebook Login with Twitter Login with Vkontakte Username Password Keep me logged in Forgot your password or username Kristen Bromell Romansiii Australia Gamer, Male, Brony, Awesome 0 gifts 2 likes 23 answers + Follow Make a gift Which is the most delicious food for you Number 8, a little 29 and 12 about 7 hours ago The answer has been deleted SIA Ask.fm 2012 | Privacy | Terms | Logos and buttons | Contact us Language English')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00811', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"> Login Have an account Create account or Login with Facebook Login with Twitter Login with Vkontakte Username Password Keep me logged in Forgot your password or username Shamool96 Shamool96 Kuwait 0 gifts 56 likes 98 answers + Follow Make a gift Which is the most delicious food for you LABNAH 3!! about 6 hours ago 1 person likes this The answer has been deleted SIA Ask.fm 2012 | Privacy | Terms | Logos and buttons | Contact us Language English')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00812', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"> Login Have an account Create account or Login with Facebook Login with Twitter Login with Vkontakte Username Password Keep me logged in Forgot your password or username Sabrina Miller SnapbackSabi Berlin I\'m a musical girl..I would die for the music D 3 0 gifts 0 likes 6 answers + Follow Make a gift Ask me a question RSS answers new answer new answers new answers new answers K rbchen Gr e F75 D pahahahhahahah about 6 hours ago was machst du in den Sommerferien Ich verbringe die meiste Zeit mit meinen geliebten Freundinnen und mache mit ihnen Partys in HAMBUUURSCH !!! 3 __ D about 6 hours ago Was machst du um gl cklich zu sein Ich singe und rappe D und schreibe Texte um rger und Frust in den Songtexten zu verarbeiten ; about 7 hours ago Verbringst du deine Freizeit lieber allein oder mit Freunden Mit Freunden, obwohl es auch Tage gibt an denen ich einfach mal Zeit f r mich brauche ; und einfach gechillt in meinem Bett liegen will 3 D about 7 hours ago liebst du schw nze 333 D NAT RLICH !!!! D ; about 7 hours ago du auch hahah D endlich ja D hahah about 7 hours ago This user hasn\'t answered any questions yet. SIA Ask.fm 2012 | Privacy | Terms | Logos and buttons | Contact us Language English')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00813', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"> Login Have an account Create account or Login with Facebook Login with Twitter Login with Vkontakte Username Password Keep me logged in Forgot your password or username w Strawberryah Q8 Ask Me ;D http //ask.fm/Strawberryah 0 gifts 9 likes 49 answers + Follow Make a gift Whom do you really love Someone inside my heart ; about 8 hours ago The answer has been deleted SIA Ask.fm 2012 | Privacy | Terms | Logos and buttons | Contact us Language English')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00814', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"> Login Have an account Create account or Login with Facebook Login with Twitter Login with Vkontakte Username Password Keep me logged in Forgot your password or username VIP Sweet ^^ TaeyangVIP Kuwait 0 gifts 72 likes 134 answers + Follow Make a gift Who do you respect the most People Who Respect me ^^ about 6 hours ago The answer has been deleted SIA Ask.fm 2012 | Privacy | Terms | Logos and buttons | Contact us Language English')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00815', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"> Login Have an account Create account or Login with Facebook Login with Twitter Login with Vkontakte Username Password Keep me logged in Forgot your password or username Umut , Koseoglu umutkoseoglu 0 gifts 1 likes 25 answers + Follow Make a gift Ask me a question RSS answers new answer new answers new answers new answers beyzan n soyad ne Yesilova 23 minutes ago Hoslandigini biliyosa neden cikmiyosunuz ki Daha erken 35 minutes ago 10lardan kim var hos guzel beyza var dunya guzelii 36 minutes ago En son ne zaman g rd n ho land n k z Ve ona a lmay d n yomusun Hosland g m biliyor about 1 hour ago Hos bi kiz soylesene sizin okuldan guzel dedigin Manolya tabikii about 1 hour ago Neden kullanmiyosun Gerek duymuyorum about 1 hour ago sence bir k z nas l olmal Rahat davranan bi kiz olmali , aklindan gecenleri rahatca soylemeli , baskalari gibi degil kendisi olmasi yeter about 2 hours ago telleri veya g zl var m Hayir lens takiyor about 2 hours ago g zleri ne renk Kahverengi about 2 hours ago kanka ne zaman geliyosun bize Kuzey senmisin D about 2 hours ago blackberry 8520 beyaz Benim telefonn hehe about 3 hours ago Neden ge cevap veriyosun sorulara Antrenmana gidiyorum cunku about 5 hours ago kt g n biri var m Hayir yok about 5 hours ago Var ki soyluyorum pcden gir ozaman sende Bilgisayar kullanmiyorum about 5 hours ago anan n am na koyim Anca boyle sitelerden kufur edersiniz formspring , ask.fm ne oldugunuz ortada about 5 hours ago Bizde suan ipadden giriyoruz ama soylemiyoruz be umut Resim koy dedin , nedenini soyledim sorun mu var about 5 hours ago ne zaman tan t n z peki Oldu baya about 5 hours ago nerde tan t n z peki ho land n k zla Cok karisik about 5 hours ago eski okulundan k m sev yosun Nas l yani ne anlamda about 6 hours ago 1 person likes this Ba harfi ne be endi in k z n G about 6 hours ago foto raf koy aq padden koyulmuyo about 6 hours ago Neden ask.fm a t n S k nt dan about 6 hours ago Sizin okuldami Hay r de il about 6 hours ago Kacinci sinif 9 about 6 hours ago Begendigin biri var mi Evet var about 6 hours ago This user hasn\'t answered any questions yet. SIA Ask.fm 2012 | Privacy | Terms | Logos and buttons | Contact us Language English')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00816', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"> Login Have an account Create account or Login with Facebook Login with Twitter Login with Vkontakte Username Password Keep me logged in Forgot your password or username Undefin3d wZwZ here ,there ,nd everywhere hey there ..i\'m nouf nd i\'m 14 y.o i luuv eating,sleepin ,skating,nd hanging out ` F u wanna know more ma yrdk ella al.keyboard ;p...p.s don\'t judge me before you know me , you only see what i choose to show xD http //www.twitter.com/_wzwz_ 1 gifts 3811 likes 1084 answers + Follow Make a gift Do you like balck coffee x like me who r u -,- about 7 hours ago 7 people like this The answer has been deleted SIA Ask.fm 2012 | Privacy | Terms | Logos and buttons | Contact us Language English')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00817', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"> Login Have an account Create account or Login with Facebook Login with Twitter Login with Vkontakte Username Password Keep me logged in Forgot your password or username Anas Al-harbi xAn4sGam3r SA.Jeddah www.YouTube.com/xAn4sGam3rHD 0 gifts 30 likes 29 answers + Follow Make a gift Which is the most delicious food for you Kabsa 3 about 5 hours ago The answer has been deleted SIA Ask.fm 2012 | Privacy | Terms | Logos and buttons | Contact us Language English')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00818', 'lang "en"> tools gallery sign in register Imgur is used to share photos with social networks and online communities, and has the funniest pictures from all over the Internet. I wouldn\'t want to be this guy Word Press Photo winner 7 hours ago 6,394 views 1.95 GB bandwidth View comments on reddit Download full resolution Get embed codes 2012 Imgur, LLC. All rights reserved. jobs blog feedback site stats faq request deletion contact terms api More r/pics Advertisement pro users don\'t see ads')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00819', 'lang "en"> tools gallery sign in register Imgur is used to share photos with social networks and online communities, and has the funniest pictures from all over the Internet. Hey guys, meet Leroy. He\'s the baddest damn Pug in the whole damn town. 6 hours ago 218 views 13.69 MB bandwidth View comments on reddit Download full resolution Get embed codes 2012 Imgur, LLC. All rights reserved. jobs blog feedback site stats faq request deletion contact terms api More r/pug Advertisement pro users don\'t see ads')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00820', 'lang "en"> tools gallery sign in register Imgur is used to share photos with social networks and online communities, and has the funniest pictures from all over the Internet. Half your age ... add 7 9 hours ago 37,160 views 7.39 GB bandwidth View comments on reddit Download full resolution Get embed codes 2012 Imgur, LLC. All rights reserved. jobs blog feedback site stats faq request deletion contact terms api More r/fffffffuuuuuuuuuuuu Advertisement pro users don\'t see ads')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00821', 'lang "en"> tools gallery sign in register Imgur is used to share photos with social networks and online communities, and has the funniest pictures from all over the Internet. I now have my little cousins calling this Yoda butter... 152 points 212,924 views Submit a caption giantspeck 60 points 3 months ago best report With sweet cream buttermilk it is made. MadeByRockets 32 points 3 months ago report Strong with the Butter he is! werberg 28 points 3 months ago report Yoda butter, it is... demaqplez 5 points 3 months ago report Great Halloween Costume! retrohellix 4 points 3 months ago report Buttery taste, it has. Good for actual cooking, it\'s not. elkjellsen 3 points 3 months ago report Do not ever use this in cooking. its like taking a steak and cooking all the juices out so all you can taste is the seasoning santanero 2 points 3 months ago report Believe it I can\'t... apt00100100 1 point 3 months ago report +1 for "it\'s"! askmiLeitr 1 point 3 months ago report It could also be called Borat Butter. Now, that\'s disturbing. sirmatto 1 point 3 months ago report I find your lack of dairy disturbing. tackle89jnl 1 point 3 months ago report Finally someone else said the same thing I thought! CopyX 1 point 3 months ago report I don\'t want yoda\'s butter anywhere near my food. emilybelle01 1 point 3 months ago report I bought this recently just because I read it in Yoda\'s voice. kannoyoko 1 point 3 months ago report Read the label in Yoda\'s voice you did. Firefrost777 1 point 3 months ago report For biscuit, buttery base, it is TheJoe 1 point 3 months ago report The jedi strength flows from the force...don\'t forget to add butter. equinoxaeonian 1 point 3 months ago report http //memedepot.com/uploads/500/774_3554580085_4c330323b8.jpg 2012 Imgur, LLC. All rights reserved. jobs blog feedback site stats faq request deletion contact terms api Submitted 3 months ago source 212,924 views 9.05 GB bandwidth Get embed codes Download Advertisement pro users don\'t see ads')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00822', 'lang "en"> tools gallery sign in register Imgur is used to share photos with social networks and online communities, and has the funniest pictures from all over the Internet. 12 Panda Cubs 659 points 170,855 views Submit a caption Oyanto 240 points 13 hours ago best report CUTENESS OVERLOAD! ipolitricks 181 points 14 hours ago report I, too, attempted to have a panda farm. LovePanda 137 points 13 hours ago report Relevant My username. Yay! nikoli 112 points 13 hours ago report PANDAMONIUM baikinmon 42 points 14 hours ago report Are you trying to panda to us to get up votes dmichael 32 points 12 hours ago report On the twelfth day of Communist Christmas, Glorious Leader gave to meeeeeeeeee Easttexasman 9 points 8 hours ago report I want to pet them all. googlefucker 9 points 13 hours ago report Suddenly, sneezing chorus missakura 6 points 9 hours ago report Double-edged sword of cuteness and potential power to rip your face off. KactusSack 5 points 6 hours ago report PANDAWWWWWWWSSSSSS.... superpanda 4 points 6 hours ago report my username is relevant alauric 4 points 7 hours ago report I just want to wake them all up and hug them and do a little dance with the little one with his arms stretched out. sardil 3 points 5 hours ago report Too much!! http //i.imgur.com/tEJvH.jpg jstfrkiks 3 points 6 hours ago report these look just like those sushi\'s i saw a few days ago - http //imgur.com/HdYdB cfauls 3 points 6 hours ago report TOO CUTE NOT TO UPVOTE tinatinatina 3 points 7 hours ago report Omigod...so this is what love feels like...aww goddessdragonness 3 points 7 hours ago report ...and then Cruella Deville shows up and offers a fortune for them. dabeshaus 3 points 8 hours ago report I see a bit of space, I\'m just going to cuddle in riiight there... shorey66 3 points 11 hours ago report Tribbles! aldude3 2 points 7 hours ago report ...and they are ALL MINE!! McApril 2 points 7 hours ago report If my co-workers want to know why I\'m randomly going "D\'AWWWW!" through the day. . . . this is why. I\'m thinking of this. thingle 2 points 9 hours ago report Sushi LindseyKinion 2 points 11 hours ago report Where did they find 12 baby pandas I hope they weren\'t taken from their mothers. Kopar 2 points 14 hours ago report I wish they\'d replicate like tribbles HeatherReese 1 point 9 minutes ago report Good, the world needs more Panda. EpicKJD 1 point 13 minutes ago report Too many pandas to comprehend! gemibabe 1 point 16 minutes ago report i want the chubby one... imanee 1 point 28 minutes ago report All I see is sushi... skaeye 1 point 30 minutes ago report onigiri. GustaMove 1 point 39 minutes ago report I would watch the shit out of a movie where they were a mystical kung fu army. doctorzoidberg 1 point 39 minutes ago report We have warm slippers, available in your size smittywerbenjagermanjensen 1 point 1 hour ago report Now that they aren\'t endangered will I begin seeing them on menus ElleEmaitch 1 point 1 hour ago report @dmichael +1 for you good sir. spearchucker 1 point 1 hour ago report Jesus im not THAT hungry... celticmatt 1 point 1 hour ago report Too.....Cute......must......squee....... razor1379 1 point 2 hours ago report Can\'t +1 enough!!!! Enemy47 1 point 2 hours ago report Yumm...who\'s with me Panda Steak and Komodo Dragon eggs for breakfast! BeAlertWeNeedMoreLerts 1 point 2 hours ago report I thought it was just 6 pairs of slippers Stephanie455 1 point 2 hours ago report THEY\'RE SO FLUFFY!!!!! TheBigLebowskiFromTheCreatorsofFargo 1 point 3 hours ago report If I could get away with it, provide it with a good home and not cause an international incident. I would totally steal one of these guys. turpidchipmunk 1 point 3 hours ago report They look fake/dead. How else is it possible that 12 panda cubs are simultaneously "sleeping " Mynamewillbethenametorulethemall 1 point 4 hours ago report I keep throwing my masculinity at the screen but nothing is happening. exsconsin 1 point 4 hours ago report Suddenly I want a pair of monochromatic mittens... Fluffalumpalis 1 point 4 hours ago report Must...cuddle...them...all!! Fluffalumpalis 1 point 4 hours ago report Must....cuddle...all...of...them! Mastersmurf8 1 point 4 hours ago report Hurray! They\'re not endangered anymore! That\'s how that works, right No Aww 2cutwood 1 point 4 hours ago report so...much...cuteness.... bigsurbob 1 point 4 hours ago report Downvote, on principle alone NegiSpringfield 1 point 5 hours ago report I just came a little in my cute... Webslinger04 1 point 5 hours ago report sooooo.....which one is the Dragon Warrior Webslinger04 1 point 5 hours ago report which one is the dragon warrior NNJ4 1 point 5 hours ago report http //images4.fanpop.com/image/photos/21300000/Rainbow-Puke-D-random-21329587-368-400.png kingbungee 1 point 5 hours ago report ..... Sesame Street. 12. 12 sleeping pandas. KrispyPotato 1 point 5 hours ago report CUTEGASM FuzzyWuzzy22 1 point 5 hours ago report A picture that is relevant to my username yuknowhavegoodusername 1 point 5 hours ago report ..and what are you going to do with them when they get huge FantasticDeli 1 point 5 hours ago report Stopped mid-headscratch to upvote this picture freiman 1 point 5 hours ago report Fuzzy! ylias 1 point 5 hours ago report Cuuute DRosales 1 point 5 hours ago report So, I have finally found my panda slippers! Xantholne 1 point 6 hours ago report So much cute and fluffy! yantai 1 point 6 hours ago report Move over, 5 cats! jkamp 1 point 6 hours ago report These look delicious. chortlemetimbers 1 point 6 hours ago report the second one on the right, bottom row snoopy with claws coming out of ear flaps. adorable! farandula 1 point 6 hours ago report HOW MUCH ! LesMyers 1 point 6 hours ago report Iits really the stunt crew for jack black k TheMagnificentOne 1 point 6 hours ago report This is the 17th cutest thing I will ever see in my life Cindelicious29 1 point 7 hours ago report D\'AWWWW whyilaugh 1 point 7 hours ago report CUTENESS OVERLORD! fuzzylogic 1 point 7 hours ago report 12 PANDA CUBS! AH AH AH AH AH AH immagurl 1 point 7 hours ago report PANDA WATCH! Scottyknows 1 point 7 hours ago report Panda cub matresses are the softest.. inthavoiceofMorganFreeman 1 point 8 hours ago report Suddenly, Kung Fu! simms27 1 point 8 hours ago report Why are they not cuddling more ! Panda Pile llamaaa 1 point 9 hours ago report CAN I HAZ ONE!! kuraichouwa 1 point 9 hours ago report @Oyanto I think you mean CUTENESS OVERLORD! wobwobwob 1 point 9 hours ago report See my vest, see my vest, Made from real gorilla chest, Feel this sweater, there\'s no better, Than authentic Irish setter. wronglever 1 point 10 hours ago report Thumbnail made me think I\'d be looking at a lot of these http //i.imgur.com/HdYdB.jpg My wrongness does not displease me. dingo0o 1 point 10 hours ago report Holy sweet mother of god. I want a bed made out of those. rexamas 1 point 10 hours ago report i read this as 12 canada pubs.... i need some sleep totallyMeh 1 point 10 hours ago report the itty bitty panda committee...is on break jk123456 1 point 10 hours ago report what the fuck are 12 panda cubs doing in your house manuli 1 point 11 hours ago report D\'AWWWWWWWWWWWW hood 1 point 11 hours ago report The Cute Dozen! jkkr 1 point 12 hours ago report OMG PANDAS!!!! D rightesoulyrighteous 1 point 12 hours ago report Same pandas more active http //i.imgur.com/RhVVE.jpg OldPantherPiss 1 point 12 hours ago report I don\'t know why! But i wanna play chess now! henriksen1 1 point 12 hours ago report Who\'s pitching tonight SJC1975 1 point 12 hours ago report YUM! I mean... cute. Yeah, that\'s right... cute... shifty Trambones 1 point 12 hours ago report AND A PARTRIDGE IN A PEAR TREE!!!! notforyou71780 1 point 12 hours ago report Did anyone else try to sing "The 12 Days of China" in their head beccabee123 1 point 13 hours ago report And a partridge in a pear treeeee! asianrulz 1 point 13 hours ago report Where is waldo zardliz06 1 point 13 hours ago report Look at those little claAWWWWws. virusgrey 1 point 13 hours ago report As someone who owns pandas, how on earth did you manage to get them all to pose like this Flexoh 1 point 13 hours ago report Relevant http //www.southparkstudios.com/clips/103574/sexual-harassment-law revscuderi 1 point 13 hours ago report Why can\'t China export more useful things like this RyanElise 1 point 13 hours ago report Second from the bottom Excellent. dervalient 1 point 13 hours ago report It\'s a pandamic! notwitty 1 point 13 hours ago report Awwwwww so fucking cute \' MsLarae93 1 point 13 hours ago report I just died from cute. Fuck that\'s adorable. fcb4ever 1 point 13 hours ago report I want them to do some kung fu Sweetandlow 1 point 13 hours ago report Pandorable!!!!! Sweetandlow 1 point 13 hours ago report Please let me take one home with me!!! undeniable 1 point 13 hours ago report Cuteness Over 9000 judestaner 1 point 13 hours ago report Okay, I guess I\'ll rescue them! realheroeswearblack 1 point 13 hours ago report Acceptable repost of D\'aawwww retrohellix 1 point 13 hours ago report OH TEH FLUFFINESS! crystaldawn87 1 point 13 hours ago report I count 13. jumpingsuits 1 point 13 hours ago report Send all the imgur women one for valentines day!!! 4sh1m 1 point 14 hours ago report Check! Your turn. JMtron 1 point 14 hours ago report I want to go to there... yourstupid 0 points 13 hours ago report Step 1 raise pandas. Step 2 Step 3 profit. Peteypoo 0 points 13 hours ago report can i stop donating to the WWF now can i stop recycling too oh they\'re still endangered... okay... damn cute bastards. show bad captions 1 tehseemehtrollan -3 points 12 hours ago report They dead 2012 Imgur, LLC. All rights reserved. jobs blog feedback site stats faq request deletion contact terms api Submitted 19 hours ago source 170,855 views 22.14 GB bandwidth Get embed codes Download Advertisement pro users don\'t see ads')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00823', 'lang "en"> tools gallery sign in register Imgur is used to share photos with social networks and online communities, and has the funniest pictures from all over the Internet. Very Cool Clock 396 points 254,199 views Submit a caption eaterofsouls 270 points 9 hours ago best report "it is" wasted energy Dimmywaywes 126 points 9 hours ago report Too much rounding error marmar73 125 points 9 hours ago report I hate people who whine when they look at an analog clock. "It\'s too hard to read!! Wahhh!" Go fuck yourself, dumbass. Jandy243 47 points 9 hours ago report Why are one and three out of order My OCD is screaming right now! realkungfupanda 12 points 8 hours ago report It\'s still not snookie proof. jester56 11 points 9 hours ago report the hipster clock, when being exact doesn\'t exactly matter. moisttaint 8 points 8 hours ago report Best clock ever -> http //www.sandermulder.com/pong_clock.html Loyal 7 points 4 hours ago report Anyone else read "It is half ten quarter" before they realized what was going on genericusername5 5 points 9 hours ago report http //www.instructables.com/id/The-Word-Clock-Arduino-version/ you can make one of these your self. MittensTheCat 5 points 9 hours ago report Dope. That is all. robbur0425 3 points 9 hours ago report My eyes hurt ricekrispies 2 points 6 hours ago report or 2 3/4 spidergod 1 point 31 minutes ago report .....and there\'s no one in the place except you and me. So set \'em up, Joe. LeviFunk 1 point 46 minutes ago report @genericusername5 - http //www.instructables.com/id/The-Wordclock-Grew-Up/ scaryuncledevin 1 point 1 hour ago report Anyone else bugged by the missing "A" before quarter clayleeadam 1 point 1 hour ago report "Why don\'t you just say its 2 30 " -Snooky zattack 1 point 2 hours ago report metaphysical clock wastes energy on being metaphysical killiand 1 point 3 hours ago report I\'m still looking for a place that will mass produce this http //i.imgur.com/axhTO.png cheezmastah 1 point 3 hours ago report These clocks are surprisingly expensive. IveBeenOnHereForHours 1 point 3 hours ago report PINTEREST IS LEAKING. again. totallybored 1 point 4 hours ago report i want it! utgort 1 point 4 hours ago report Why isn\'t O\'Clock lit exsconsin 1 point 4 hours ago report How do I know when it\'s 5 18 coniferous 1 point 4 hours ago report @eaterofsouls the "it is" is only over one light. saved energy. filom3n 1 point 4 hours ago report wanna those, where to get sva988 1 point 5 hours ago report Repost-ception!! sommerfugl 1 point 5 hours ago report "There\'s no one in the place, except you and me. So line \'em up, Joe..." dcs115 1 point 5 hours ago report i read the whole thing, and was like wtf kind of clock is this, then i realized the illuminated letters were the time... HAPPY FRIDAY IMGUR! chortlemetimbers 1 point 5 hours ago report very cool repost. verger 1 point 6 hours ago report I love this clock. I want this clock. Hackworth 1 point 6 hours ago report @Jandy243 so they can space the words about equally. Right now, it\'s 11 and 12 letters in rows 4 and 5, otherwise it\'d be 10 and 13 Hackworth 1 point 6 hours ago report @eaterofsouls same argument They needed filler letters for the first line, or it would look crap. And it makes a full sentence, y\'know. jstfrkiks 1 point 6 hours ago report as a clock -- fuck you get with the program rrshima03 1 point 7 hours ago report Why is o\'clock not illuminated megalomine 1 point 7 hours ago report Available in rainmeter desktop tools... freakin cool seethingapathy 1 point 7 hours ago report When is your interview Ahh I still have 15 minu... FUCK!!! kristencusumano 1 point 7 hours ago report one two three Cziko 1 point 7 hours ago report @marmar73 I\'ve never been able to fully understand analog clocks, so I have to live with digital, and I\'m 20. anonym0us 1 point 8 hours ago report @genericusername5 im to lazy, hence the whole internet browsing thing. more interested in buying rather than "building" zubizuva 1 point 8 hours ago report @Jandy243 One and three It\'s two and three that are out of order. One is in the correct place. Freezin 1 point 8 hours ago report Too much me staring at it trying to think of the numbers in my head. Cause I\'m stoopid. RalphLaurenJr 1 point 8 hours ago report Sorry, I need exact times. This clock won\'t help me in a rush. TattooedLady 1 point 9 hours ago report Repost, but still super cool. I\'d give this image all the time in the world. Or some other time based pun. I\'ll show myself out. Sweetandlow 0 points 9 hours ago report What the fuck is this Hipster Shit ! Get it out my face!! walczyk 0 points 9 hours ago report TOO MUCH REPOST DOWNVOTE show bad captions 1 stockholmsyndrome -3 points 10 hours ago report too much confusion for one person 2012 Imgur, LLC. All rights reserved. jobs blog feedback site stats faq request deletion contact terms api Submitted 17 hours ago source 254,199 views 9.16 GB bandwidth Get embed codes Download Advertisement pro users don\'t see ads')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00824', 'lang "en"> tools gallery sign in register Imgur is used to share photos with social networks and online communities, and has the funniest pictures from all over the Internet. What I always think when I hear... 14 hours ago 51,211 views 10.43 GB bandwidth View comments on reddit Download full resolution Get embed codes 2012 Imgur, LLC. All rights reserved. jobs blog feedback site stats faq request deletion contact terms api More r/starcraft Advertisement pro users don\'t see ads')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00825', 'lang "en"> tools gallery sign in register Imgur is used to share photos with social networks and online communities, and has the funniest pictures from all over the Internet. take the ho 6 hours ago 47 views 12.40 MB bandwidth View comments on reddit Download full resolution Get embed codes 2012 Imgur, LLC. All rights reserved. jobs blog feedback site stats faq request deletion contact terms api More r/news Advertisement pro users don\'t see ads')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00826', 'lang "en"> tools gallery sign in register Imgur is used to share photos with social networks and online communities, and has the funniest pictures from all over the Internet. My new weight-loss-motivation-device 7 hours ago 7,411 views 2.64 GB bandwidth View comments on reddit Download full resolution Get embed codes 2012 Imgur, LLC. All rights reserved. jobs blog feedback site stats faq request deletion contact terms api More r/pics Advertisement pro users don\'t see ads')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00827', 'lang "en"> tools gallery sign in register Imgur is used to share photos with social networks and online communities, and has the funniest pictures from all over the Internet. 1 day ago 118 views 4.75 MB bandwidth Download full resolution Get embed codes 2012 Imgur, LLC. All rights reserved. jobs blog feedback site stats faq request deletion contact terms api Today\'s best images Advertisement pro users don\'t see ads')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00828', 'lang "en"> tools gallery sign in register Imgur is used to share photos with social networks and online communities, and has the funniest pictures from all over the Internet. Boob Marley 5 hours ago 294 views 11.36 MB bandwidth View comments on reddit Download full resolution Get embed codes 2012 Imgur, LLC. All rights reserved. jobs blog feedback site stats faq request deletion contact terms api More r/funny Advertisement pro users don\'t see ads')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00829', "> Sokoblovsky Farms Index About Photos Calves 1 800 758-9267 Share | Twitter Facebook Language | English Russian WELCOME to world wide famous Sokoblovsky Farms. The best and only breeders of Petite Lap Giraffes. Giraffe-Cam! See what our Bull Vladimir do around farm! If not see him, don't worry he come back. Sokoblovsky Farms Index About Photos Calves 1 800 758-9267 Copyright 1997 - 2012")
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00830', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml lang "en" lang "en"> skip to content Before you can do that, we need you to sign up it\'s free . If you already have an account, please log in . Loading ... Home Aviary Tools Image Editor Phoenix Effects Editor Peacock Color Editor Toucan Vector Editor Raven Audio Editor Myna Image Markup Falcon Music Creator Roc Discover Creations Popular Creations Hall of Fame Staff Picks Undiscovered Creations Search Creations Learn More Aviary Help FAQ Tutorials Forums Documentation English Blog Product Blog Idea Blog Microblog About Us Search Creations Users Forums Groups Sign up! Log in or Sorry! You must have JavaScript enabled to use our site. Editing is restricted Drum Beat 1.egg 1 Source 0 Derivatives 0 Versions Stats Favorites 0 0 Drum Beat 1 By gav3197 0 Comments Please log in or create an account to comment. Draft This creation will not appear in undiscovered creations. To make it discoverable, click the Publish link below. By gav3197 2 creations To email addresses or Aviary usernames, comma-separated From your email address Personal Message optional Hey! I think you should check out this creation on Aviary. "Drum Beat 1.egg", by gav3197 http //advanced.aviary.com/artists/gav3197/creations/drum_beat_1 Aviary is a suite of online creation applications http //aviary.com Send this creation or cancel Add to favorites 0 Download MP3 Download WAV Link and embed Send to friends This work is a draft If you\'re finished, you can publish it to make it discoverable on Aviary. Also publish to This work is published on Aviary If you\'d like, you can publish it to your connected sites. Publish to Facebook link account Flickr link account Done This page send a link using email or IM | Forums for forums that allow [url] and [img] codes | HTML | HTML Launcher launch roc from your site | Done You don\'t have any groups yet. Find a group to join or start one of your own Ok Before you can do that , we need you to upgrade to the Blue subscription plan. Learn more about Aviary subscription plans Maybe later Stats Created in Roc Created Feb 10, 2012 Updated Feb 10, 2012 Duration 16 seconds Tempo 120 Size 58 KB Viewed 0 times Favorited 0 times 0 Comments 1 Source 0 Derivatives 1 Version Tags No tags. Permissions and License Viewing everyone Editing everyone View license Drum Beat 1.egg Home | Tools | Blog | About | Help | Jobs | Twitter | Facebook | API Hatched in NYC | Terms | Privacy | 2012 Aviary, Inc. All rights reserved. Loading... Page generated in 793 ms.')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00831', 'lang "en" class "no-js ie ie6 lt-ie9">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00832', 'lang "en" class "no-js ie ie6 lt-ie9">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00833', "> Deals.Woot Welcome My account | Log out Log in Hi are you new Start here . community deals ask the community leaderboard what is deals.woot deals national lampoons animal house 30th ann dvd gift vote-for 33 vote-against +39 -6 National Lampoons Animal House 30th Ann DVD Gift Set for $ 12.47 Shipping is Calculated - 30th Anniversary Edition - Exclusive Faber College Yearbook - Animal House-themed version of the game Scene it - The Yearbook - An Animal House Reunion - Where Are They Now... Delta Alumni Update tags movies dvd @ www2.pulsetv.com by jessberstler added 8 hours ago Top Comments vote-for 3 vote-against Sets the standard for every college and teen comedy. Belushi at his best. Over! ! Was it over when the Germans bombed Pearl Harbor Nothing is over until we say it's over!! Ahhhhhh........ read more collapse whitlock929 6 hours ago vote-for 3 vote-against You fellas mind if we dance wif your dates read more collapse whitlock929 6 hours ago vote-for 2 vote-against Every Halloween, the trees are filled with underwear. Every spring, the toilets explode. read more collapse mohicus 6 hours ago 7 Comments add a comment Sort By newest oldest votes vote-for 3 vote-against Sets the standard for every college and teen comedy. Belushi at his best. Over! ! Was it over when the Germans bombed Pearl Harbor Nothing is over until we say it's over!! Ahhhhhh........ whitlock929 6 hours ago vote-for 3 vote-against You fellas mind if we dance wif your dates whitlock929 6 hours ago vote-for 2 vote-against Every Halloween, the trees are filled with underwear. Every spring, the toilets explode. mohicus 6 hours ago vote-for 2 vote-against Fat, drunk and stupid is no way to go through life, son! houndlax 5 hours ago vote-for 2 vote-against I was going to post this one myself today, and couldn't figure out why it wouldnt let me... but I see it was because someone else did! Thanks for posting one of our products! pulsetv 5 hours ago vote-for 2 vote-against OTIS!!! myspaceisacult 3 hours ago vote-for 1 vote-against Toga! Toga! Toga!... As a Fraternity Alumnus pledged in 1996 - Sigma Chi this was the absolute #1 VHS in our chapter house collection. A classic! In Hoc Signo Vinces and have a great weekend! kbsig106 21 minutes ago add a comment Stats Added 8 hours ago Added By jessberstler Clicked 85 times Commented On 7 times Viewed 281 times Voted Against 6 times Voted For 39 times Similar Deals National Lampoon's Animal House 30th Anniversary Edition DVD NEW N01-0132175 - Blu-ray Movies for $6.49 @ inetvideo.com Caddyshack 30th Anniversary Widescreen DVD for $5.00 @ walmart.com Schoolhouse Rock! Special 30th Anniversary Edition DVD and Movies for $10.71 + free shipping @ mommybearmedia.com Related Questions What are the must-watch Christmas movies in your house 14 answers Are you excited for the new DC Animated Justice League Doom 0 answers What is your favorite DVD/Blu-ray bundle 1 answer Advertisement Mumbo Jumbo Deals.Woot is operated by Woot Services LLC. Products on Deals.Woot are sold by the entity indicated on the deal posting. Product narratives are for entertainment purposes and frequently employ literary point of view ; the narratives do not express Woot s editorial opinion. Aside from literary abuse, your use of this site also subjects you to Woot s terms of use and privacy policy . Woot may designate a user comment as a Quality Post, but that doesn't mean we agree with or guarantee anything said or linked to in that post. Woot logos, site design, & content Woot, Inc. 2004-2012. All Rights Reserved. Deals.Woot Community Deals Ask the Community Leaderboard What is Deals.Woot Community Deals Popular Deals Fresh Deals Add a Deal Ask the Community Popular Questions Fresh Questions Ask a Question What is Deals.Woot Woot This Deal Button Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Hey, log in or sign up first! Whatever it is you're trying to do can ONLY be done by registered, logged-in Deals.Woot members. Why Because they're better people than you. Don't worry you can easily improve yourself by logging into your Woot account or signing up for a new one. log in sign up Sorry This is only for people who have bought woots We restrict voting to users who have purchased something from one of the other Woot stores. It's not just because we want your money which we do - it's the best way to be sure all the votes are coming from real people and not spam-bots or phony accounts. The best way we can think of, anyway. For now. You can always get voting rights by buying something from one of Woot's other sites woot.com wine.woot.com shirt.woot.com sellout.woot.com kids.woot.com Purchases through Deals.Woot don't count, because in that case you're not buying anything from us. And we don't have your account information for those purchases. If you think you've bought something from Woot before and still can't vote, make sure you're logged in with the same account you used to buy from us. Geez, why so negative You have to vote up more before you can vote down. Don't get us wrong. Negativity has its place. And downvotes are just as essential as upvotes when it comes to making Deals.Woot a useful place to find deals. But when your votes lean so heavily toward the dark side, we have to wonder. Go vote up a few things. Accentuate the positive for a little while. It'll do you some good, and it'll do the site some good, too. Then you can get back to dealing out the smackdowns, OK Too late, we all heard you! Hmm... you're wanting to take your vote back Well, that's a bit tricky. See, we do a lot of stuff with your vote, using it to work out the popularity of what you voted for, compare that to all the other things voted on, tally up our leaderboard , work out your reputation. Someday we'll do a little cartoon showing just how hard your vote is working. Anyway, taking votes back messes all that up, so we give you five minutes, in case you just mis-clicked. After that we've got to say no take-backs. Luckily, votes are free, so feel free to throw them around left and right wherever you see fit.")
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00834', '> Deals.Woot Welcome My account | Log out Log in Hi are you new Start here . community deals ask the community leaderboard what is deals.woot deals pirate chess set for $49.99 vote-for 27 vote-against +28 -1 Pirate Chess Set for $ 49.99 Shiver me timbers! Ye see this beautiful chess set Tis something else. Beautifully designed, it features pirate-themed pieces. Instead of the typical black and white sets, these pirates and canons come in vibrant blue and red sets so you can send these pieces to Davy Jones locker in style. The board is surrounded on all four corners with pirates. There are two drawers for each player to stow away his or her crew. Lightweight and elegant, this set is both decorative and practical for usage. And for this price, you practically did the plundering yourself. tags toys game pirate chess @ jizbee.com by belyndag added 10 hours ago Top Comments vote-for 4 vote-against This thread has come to our attention and we have checked into the matter. To clear up the confusion, a note has been added to the product description on the site. It reads Note The word lightweight is used in context. Most similar sets weigh well over 15 lbs and this one weighs 9 lbs. read more collapse jizbee 5 hours ago vote-for 2 vote-against I would guess they\'re poly-resin. read more collapse cyberpenguin 5 hours ago vote-for 2 vote-against @jizbee Thanks! Can you let us know what it IS made of read more collapse belyndag 4 hours ago 12 Comments add a comment Sort By newest oldest votes vote-for 1 vote-against Any clue as to what this is made out of thatcrazyruski 7 hours ago vote-for 1 vote-against Use One Piece characters, and you shall have all my money. banjoman05 7 hours ago vote-for 1 vote-against Description says "lightweight", so I translate that as "plastic". gjbloom 6 hours ago vote-for 1 vote-against @thatcrazyruski Afraid not. That\'s my chief hesitation. I\'m just thinking it will look great on our boat! belyndag 6 hours ago vote-for 2 vote-against I would guess they\'re poly-resin. cyberpenguin 5 hours ago vote-for 1 vote-against I think I\'ve seen it before and it isn\'t lightweight at all. It\'s made of wood, or at least looks and feels like it. ahuvaz 5 hours ago vote-for 1 vote-against @thatcrazyruski Its not Clue, its Chess. hehe I like pirates and I like chess. davidschronic 5 hours ago vote-for 4 vote-against This thread has come to our attention and we have checked into the matter. To clear up the confusion, a note has been added to the product description on the site. It reads Note The word lightweight is used in context. Most similar sets weigh well over 15 lbs and this one weighs 9 lbs. jizbee 5 hours ago vote-for 2 vote-against @jizbee Thanks! Can you let us know what it IS made of belyndag 4 hours ago vote-for 1 vote-against It is hand-painted polystone stone-like material, very hard and durable but will break if dropped on a hard surface . jizbee 4 hours ago vote-for 1 vote-against @jisbee C\'mon guys. Your page load times are unacceptable. You are serving full sized images as thumbnails. I can\'t even run your deals page past a web analyzer because the page size exceeds their threshold. If your developer s cannot manage a resize script for images or to manually create thumbnails, I don\'t see how I could trust them to process my financial transactions. Nevermind the dubious usage of a character oddly similar to those featured in a Bee Movie. ittybad 3 hours ago vote-for 2 vote-against @jizbee Are these Somali Pirates I don\'t see any assault rifles davidschronic 2 hours ago add a comment Stats Added 10 hours ago Added By belyndag Clicked 1465 times Commented On 12 times Viewed 1777 times Voted Against 1 time Voted For 28 times Similar Deals Excalibur Artisan Deluxe Wooden Chess Set for $19.99 + free shipping @ amazon.com John Deere Chess Set for $257.00 + free shipping @ buywhiz.com Ice Speed Chess Set for $9.99 @ thinkgeek.com Related Questions What be yar pirate name 18 answers Where are all of the Pirate deals 6 answers Yarrrrrrr! Did ye know it was talk like a Pirate day 9 answers Advertisement Mumbo Jumbo Deals.Woot is operated by Woot Services LLC. Products on Deals.Woot are sold by the entity indicated on the deal posting. Product narratives are for entertainment purposes and frequently employ literary point of view ; the narratives do not express Woot s editorial opinion. Aside from literary abuse, your use of this site also subjects you to Woot s terms of use and privacy policy . Woot may designate a user comment as a Quality Post, but that doesn\'t mean we agree with or guarantee anything said or linked to in that post. Woot logos, site design, & content Woot, Inc. 2004-2012. All Rights Reserved. Deals.Woot Community Deals Ask the Community Leaderboard What is Deals.Woot Community Deals Popular Deals Fresh Deals Add a Deal Ask the Community Popular Questions Fresh Questions Ask a Question What is Deals.Woot Woot This Deal Button Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Hey, log in or sign up first! Whatever it is you\'re trying to do can ONLY be done by registered, logged-in Deals.Woot members. Why Because they\'re better people than you. Don\'t worry you can easily improve yourself by logging into your Woot account or signing up for a new one. log in sign up Sorry This is only for people who have bought woots We restrict voting to users who have purchased something from one of the other Woot stores. It\'s not just because we want your money which we do - it\'s the best way to be sure all the votes are coming from real people and not spam-bots or phony accounts. The best way we can think of, anyway. For now. You can always get voting rights by buying something from one of Woot\'s other sites woot.com wine.woot.com shirt.woot.com sellout.woot.com kids.woot.com Purchases through Deals.Woot don\'t count, because in that case you\'re not buying anything from us. And we don\'t have your account information for those purchases. If you think you\'ve bought something from Woot before and still can\'t vote, make sure you\'re logged in with the same account you used to buy from us. Geez, why so negative You have to vote up more before you can vote down. Don\'t get us wrong. Negativity has its place. And downvotes are just as essential as upvotes when it comes to making Deals.Woot a useful place to find deals. But when your votes lean so heavily toward the dark side, we have to wonder. Go vote up a few things. Accentuate the positive for a little while. It\'ll do you some good, and it\'ll do the site some good, too. Then you can get back to dealing out the smackdowns, OK Too late, we all heard you! Hmm... you\'re wanting to take your vote back Well, that\'s a bit tricky. See, we do a lot of stuff with your vote, using it to work out the popularity of what you voted for, compare that to all the other things voted on, tally up our leaderboard , work out your reputation. Someday we\'ll do a little cartoon showing just how hard your vote is working. Anyway, taking votes back messes all that up, so we give you five minutes, in case you just mis-clicked. After that we\'ve got to say no take-backs. Luckily, votes are free, so feel free to throw them around left and right wherever you see fit.')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00835', "> Deals.Woot Welcome My account | Log out Log in Hi are you new Start here . community deals ask the community leaderboard what is deals.woot deals rei winter clearance save 30%-50% vote-for 57 vote-against +59 -2 REI Winter Clearance Save 30%-50% SAVE UP TO 50% On selected ski, snowboard and end-of-season clothing & gear. tags clothing outdoor gear winter @ rei.com by cheshire255 added 8 hours ago Top Comments vote-for 5 vote-against @mduscavage Yes, that link works, but you have to copy and paste it, not click the link. Both links error when you just click them. But thanks for the help! read more collapse the18thtee84 5 hours ago vote-for 4 vote-against Try this link http //www.rei.com/Sale+and+Clearance When I used the other I kept getting an error. Great sale, thanks OP! read more collapse mduscavage 5 hours ago vote-for 2 vote-against hmm some of the things on the list arent listed on sale or clearance. At first glance, fivefingers and toe socks which I was looking for! were not discounted at all. read more collapse dodey23 3 hours ago 6 Comments add a comment Sort By newest oldest votes vote-for 4 vote-against Try this link http //www.rei.com/Sale+and+Clearance When I used the other I kept getting an error. Great sale, thanks OP! mduscavage 5 hours ago vote-for 5 vote-against @mduscavage Yes, that link works, but you have to copy and paste it, not click the link. Both links error when you just click them. But thanks for the help! the18thtee84 5 hours ago vote-for 2 vote-against hmm some of the things on the list arent listed on sale or clearance. At first glance, fivefingers and toe socks which I was looking for! were not discounted at all. dodey23 3 hours ago vote-for 1 vote-against free ship-to-store, if you live close to one you can save some $$ w00tgurl 3 hours ago vote-for 2 vote-against Actually REI is doing a free shipping promotion right now too! Here are the details... Offer valid 2/9/12 9pm through 2/20/12 11 59pm PT. Offer valid only on orders placed at REI.com , REI-OUTLET.com and 1-800-426-4840. Offer not valid on return shipments, special orders, prior purchases, REI gift cards or e-gift cards, gift boxes, passes and tickets, memberships, shop services, rentals. Offer is limited to stock on hand and backorderable items, is nontransferable and is not redeemable for cash. Offer limited to standard shipping to U.S. addresses only including APOs and FPOs . Oversized shipping charges will be applied to any heavy or large items in your order. Oversized shipping charges will be reflected at checkout. eckerput 2 hours ago vote-for 1 vote-against Thanks for posting. I'm pretty well stocked on gear, but did pick up some cheap Toblerone Chocolate with FREE shipping! madcow19 an hour ago add a comment Stats Added 8 hours ago Added By cheshire255 Clicked 1417 times Commented On 6 times Viewed 2048 times Voted Against 2 times Voted For 59 times Similar Deals Big Savings on After Summer Clearance @ dressz.com REI Winter Clearance Save up to 30% off @ rei.com Salomon Apparel SAVE 50 - 55% @ leftlanesports.com Related Questions Is anyone else loving the exceptionally mild winter weather 34 answers What do you do to lower your heating costs in the winter 10 answers Anyone really love their winter hat men's 4 answers Advertisement Mumbo Jumbo Deals.Woot is operated by Woot Services LLC. Products on Deals.Woot are sold by the entity indicated on the deal posting. Product narratives are for entertainment purposes and frequently employ literary point of view ; the narratives do not express Woot s editorial opinion. Aside from literary abuse, your use of this site also subjects you to Woot s terms of use and privacy policy . Woot may designate a user comment as a Quality Post, but that doesn't mean we agree with or guarantee anything said or linked to in that post. Woot logos, site design, & content Woot, Inc. 2004-2012. All Rights Reserved. Deals.Woot Community Deals Ask the Community Leaderboard What is Deals.Woot Community Deals Popular Deals Fresh Deals Add a Deal Ask the Community Popular Questions Fresh Questions Ask a Question What is Deals.Woot Woot This Deal Button Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Hey, log in or sign up first! Whatever it is you're trying to do can ONLY be done by registered, logged-in Deals.Woot members. Why Because they're better people than you. Don't worry you can easily improve yourself by logging into your Woot account or signing up for a new one. log in sign up Sorry This is only for people who have bought woots We restrict voting to users who have purchased something from one of the other Woot stores. It's not just because we want your money which we do - it's the best way to be sure all the votes are coming from real people and not spam-bots or phony accounts. The best way we can think of, anyway. For now. You can always get voting rights by buying something from one of Woot's other sites woot.com wine.woot.com shirt.woot.com sellout.woot.com kids.woot.com Purchases through Deals.Woot don't count, because in that case you're not buying anything from us. And we don't have your account information for those purchases. If you think you've bought something from Woot before and still can't vote, make sure you're logged in with the same account you used to buy from us. Geez, why so negative You have to vote up more before you can vote down. Don't get us wrong. Negativity has its place. And downvotes are just as essential as upvotes when it comes to making Deals.Woot a useful place to find deals. But when your votes lean so heavily toward the dark side, we have to wonder. Go vote up a few things. Accentuate the positive for a little while. It'll do you some good, and it'll do the site some good, too. Then you can get back to dealing out the smackdowns, OK Too late, we all heard you! Hmm... you're wanting to take your vote back Well, that's a bit tricky. See, we do a lot of stuff with your vote, using it to work out the popularity of what you voted for, compare that to all the other things voted on, tally up our leaderboard , work out your reputation. Someday we'll do a little cartoon showing just how hard your vote is working. Anyway, taking votes back messes all that up, so we give you five minutes, in case you just mis-clicked. After that we've got to say no take-backs. Luckily, votes are free, so feel free to throw them around left and right wherever you see fit.")
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00836', '> Deals.Woot Welcome My account | Log out Log in Hi are you new Start here . community deals ask the community leaderboard what is deals.woot deals craftsman 13" tool bag for $3.59 vote-for 56 vote-against +57 -1 Craftsman 13" Tool Bag for $ 3.59 Free store pickup Ideal for storing hand and power tools, this tool bag from Craftsman is internally reinforced for ultimate protection of your tools. Its deep internal compartment offers maximum storage, and the bag is reinforced at all key stress points for maximum longevity and durability. Its outer mesh pockets are ideal for storing small components, and its reinforced bottom offers added protection. The wide mouth design makes quick work of getting tools in and out. tags tools tool-bag craftsman @ sears.com by jessberstler added 8 hours ago Top Comments vote-for 5 vote-against @jeffjonez That\'s why you take advantage of the free in store pickup... Win-win, you get it \'shipped\' for free, PLUS you get to browse the Craftsman area, always my favorite stop in the entire mall... - read more collapse mikey1969 4 hours ago vote-for 3 vote-against Good bag! I have a few and use them to keep together the tools associated with particular types of tasks plumbing, electrical, automotive, etc. read more collapse bigelowb 6 hours ago vote-for 2 vote-against Thanks! Unlike many Sears offers found here, this time they actually came through with the deal; even available at my store. Ordering on the website is still clumsy, though. read more collapse daiuy 7 hours ago 11 Comments add a comment Sort By newest oldest votes vote-for 2 vote-against Thanks! Unlike many Sears offers found here, this time they actually came through with the deal; even available at my store. Ordering on the website is still clumsy, though. daiuy 7 hours ago vote-for 3 vote-against Good bag! I have a few and use them to keep together the tools associated with particular types of tasks plumbing, electrical, automotive, etc. bigelowb 6 hours ago vote-for 2 vote-against Standard shipping would be $6.50 for me... kinda steep. jeffjonez 5 hours ago vote-for 5 vote-against @jeffjonez That\'s why you take advantage of the free in store pickup... Win-win, you get it \'shipped\' for free, PLUS you get to browse the Craftsman area, always my favorite stop in the entire mall... - mikey1969 4 hours ago vote-for 1 vote-against Thanks, nice, cheap upgrade for the cardboard box my tools currently reside. The next best option for me on the Sears website is a 14" Plastic Tool Box for $8.99. I can get two of these for that price. miskreeta 4 hours ago vote-for 1 vote-against In for two with in store pick up! chameleon90 3 hours ago vote-for 1 vote-against Sears pickup is super easy and usually very quick. If they don\'t get your order out to you in a set time I think it\'s five minutes, might be ten , they give you a $10 gift card. I\'ve only had that happen once...and they couldn\'t get the gift card system to work, so they gave me 25% off my order, which was closer to $15. gt0163c 3 hours ago vote-for 1 vote-against dont know why but I had to pick one up at that price czupik 3 hours ago vote-for 1 vote-against I picked my local store for 5 of them and then they sent me an email saying that they were out of stock at the store, but that they would ship them to me at no shipping cost. Then they charged me only $1.99 for each bag. Not bad. kenhuston 3 hours ago vote-for 1 vote-against looks like they are aware of these shortage problems. They cancelled my order and refunded right next 5 minutes. Try the next Sear around here, see if I can pick up some handy bags peterwu an hour ago vote-for 1 vote-against @bigelowb Good bag! I have a few and use them to keep together the tools associated with particular types of tasks plumbing, electrical, automotive, assassinations, turning tricks etc. katanaryda 21 minutes ago add a comment Stats Added 8 hours ago Added By jessberstler Clicked 910 times Commented On 11 times Viewed 1313 times Voted Against 1 time Voted For 57 times Similar Deals 2 Craftsman Bags 16 and 20 Inch Bag Set for $9.99 @ mygofer.com 118 pc. Dual Marked Mechanics Tool Set- Craftsman for $62.99 @ sears.com 12 in. Tote- Craftsman-Tools-Hand Tools-Tool Carriers for $11.69 + free shipping @ sears.com Related Questions Can I use a 19.2 volt battery in my 18 volt Craftsman cordless drill 7 answers What brand is your tool 18 answers Tools, are there ever enough of them 16 answers Advertisement Mumbo Jumbo Deals.Woot is operated by Woot Services LLC. Products on Deals.Woot are sold by the entity indicated on the deal posting. Product narratives are for entertainment purposes and frequently employ literary point of view ; the narratives do not express Woot s editorial opinion. Aside from literary abuse, your use of this site also subjects you to Woot s terms of use and privacy policy . Woot may designate a user comment as a Quality Post, but that doesn\'t mean we agree with or guarantee anything said or linked to in that post. Woot logos, site design, & content Woot, Inc. 2004-2012. All Rights Reserved. Deals.Woot Community Deals Ask the Community Leaderboard What is Deals.Woot Community Deals Popular Deals Fresh Deals Add a Deal Ask the Community Popular Questions Fresh Questions Ask a Question What is Deals.Woot Woot This Deal Button Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Hey, log in or sign up first! Whatever it is you\'re trying to do can ONLY be done by registered, logged-in Deals.Woot members. Why Because they\'re better people than you. Don\'t worry you can easily improve yourself by logging into your Woot account or signing up for a new one. log in sign up Sorry This is only for people who have bought woots We restrict voting to users who have purchased something from one of the other Woot stores. It\'s not just because we want your money which we do - it\'s the best way to be sure all the votes are coming from real people and not spam-bots or phony accounts. The best way we can think of, anyway. For now. You can always get voting rights by buying something from one of Woot\'s other sites woot.com wine.woot.com shirt.woot.com sellout.woot.com kids.woot.com Purchases through Deals.Woot don\'t count, because in that case you\'re not buying anything from us. And we don\'t have your account information for those purchases. If you think you\'ve bought something from Woot before and still can\'t vote, make sure you\'re logged in with the same account you used to buy from us. Geez, why so negative You have to vote up more before you can vote down. Don\'t get us wrong. Negativity has its place. And downvotes are just as essential as upvotes when it comes to making Deals.Woot a useful place to find deals. But when your votes lean so heavily toward the dark side, we have to wonder. Go vote up a few things. Accentuate the positive for a little while. It\'ll do you some good, and it\'ll do the site some good, too. Then you can get back to dealing out the smackdowns, OK Too late, we all heard you! Hmm... you\'re wanting to take your vote back Well, that\'s a bit tricky. See, we do a lot of stuff with your vote, using it to work out the popularity of what you voted for, compare that to all the other things voted on, tally up our leaderboard , work out your reputation. Someday we\'ll do a little cartoon showing just how hard your vote is working. Anyway, taking votes back messes all that up, so we give you five minutes, in case you just mis-clicked. After that we\'ve got to say no take-backs. Luckily, votes are free, so feel free to throw them around left and right wherever you see fit.')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00837', '> Request an invite to be among the first to experience a new community only for Little Monsters. Because you were born this way! Name Email Already have an account Tweet Thanks, you will receive your invite code shortly. Paws up! Tweet Email Password Request an Invite Forgot Password Email Login Please check your email for instructions to reset your password.')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00838', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" lang "en" xml lang "en"> Skip to Main Content Area Login | Register Email Updates X Connect With Mitt Follow @MittRomney Home Mitt Romney for President Home Bio Issues Jobs Healthcare Foreign Policy States Alabama Alaska Arizona Arkansas California Colorado Connecticut Delaware Florida Georgia Hawaii Idaho Illinois Indiana Iowa Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Maine Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Minnesota Mississippi Missouri Montana Nebraska Nevada New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico New York North Carolina North Dakota Ohio Oklahoma Oregon Pennsylvania Puerto Rico Rhode Island South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Texas Utah Vermont Virginia Washington Washington D.C. West Virginia Wisconsin Wyoming News Blogs Articles Op-Eds Press Releases Videos Get Involved Action Center Call From Home Fundraise Shop Donate Share This Mitt Romney Announces Alaska Steering Committee Mitt Romney Press | February 10, 2012 Mitt Romney today announced his Alaska Steering Committee. Alaska voters have felt the effects of President Obama s policies in Washington, said Mitt Romney. This president s overreaching regulations and lack of a practical energy policy have hampered Alaska s development of its natural resources. Working with these leaders, I will ensure that Alaska is able to develop its resources, strengthen its economy, and help lead an economic recovery across the country. Announcing the formation of Mitt Romney s Alaska Steering Committee, Lt. Gov. Mead Treadwell said, Mitt Romney has such widespread support in Alaska because he is the only conservative candidate with the record and vision to defeat President Obama. More than any other candidate, he stands for a prosperous future for Alaska and the nation. Mitt Romney s Alaska Steering Committee Lisa Murkowski, Anchorage, is Alaska s Senior United States Senator. She is currently the Ranking Member of the Senate Energy and Natural Resources Committee and also serves on the Appropriations Committee, Health, Education, Labor & Pensions Committee, and Indian Affairs Committee. Mead Treadwell, Anchorage, was elected Lieutenant Governor of Alaska in 2010. He has served as Chairman of the United States Arctic Research Commission, Deputy Commissioner of Alaska s Department of Environmental Conservation, and Senior Fellow of the Institute of the North. Dr. Pete Higgins, Fairbanks, served as President of the Alaska Dental Society in 2008. That year, he was selected as a Delegate to the Alaska Republican State Convention and the Republican National Convention after heading up Governor Romney s successful campaign in Fairbanks. Carolyne Wallace, Fairbanks, is a member of the Board of the University of Alaska Foundation and a Former President of the College of Fellows of the University of Alaska, Fairbanks. She is a member of the Chancellor\'s Board of Vistors at the University of Alaska, Fairbanks. She is now retired after working in the UAF Administration for over twenty-nine years. Jacqueline Tupou, Juneau, served as State Chair of the College Republican Federation of Alaska. She is also State Chair of the Conservation Leadership Program, Co-Chair of the Hispanic Republican Assembly of Alaska, and a Member of the Republican State Central Committee. Susan Fischetti, Eagle River, was chosen as one of Alaska s three presidential electors in 2000 and voted in the electoral college for President George W. Bush. She has served as a Republican District Chair and a Member of the Republican State Central Committee. David Dittman, Anchorage, is the President of Dittman Research And Communications Corporation, one of the state s leading public opinion polling operations. During the period from 1990 2000, the communications side of his business received more top national awards for political newsprint advertising by the American Association of Political Consultants than any other company in the United States. Rex Shattuck, Chugiak, retired in Alaska after twenty Years of service in ihe United States Air Force. He now works for the Alaska Legislature as Chief of Staff to a Member of the House Finance Committee. Rex has served as his Republican District Chair and a Member of the Republican State Central Committee. In 2008, he was named Delegation Aide for the Alaska Delegation to the Republican National Convention. Sue Hull, Fairbanks, serves on the Board Of Education of the Fairbanks North Star Borough School District as well as on the Board Of The Association Of Alaska School Boards. She served as a Member of the Alaska State Board of Education from 1983 to 1988 and as Alaska PTA President from 1993 to 1995. Sue has also served on the Board of the Alaska Humanities Forum. Dr. Jason Rampton, Eagle River, is a Retired Air Force Officer who has owned and operated a dental clinic for the last eleven years. A strong supporter of local Republican candidates and conservative ballot measures, he served as a Delegate to the Alaska Republican State Convention and an Alternate Delegate to the Republican National Convention in 2008. Chris Nelson, Anchorage, was elected Chairman of the Alaska Delegation to the 2008 Republican National Convention. A retired Army officer, he has served as a Delegate to the 2004 Republican National Convention, as a Republican District officer and Member of the Republican State Central Committee, and as Victory 98 Executive Director for the Alaska Republican Party. In 2008, he was State Director for Governor Romney s winning campaign in Alaska. Footer menu Bio Issues States News Videos Get Involved Shop Donate Paid for by Romney for President, Inc. Search Search this site Mobile Site Privacy Policy Store Policy Contact Us 2012 Romney for President, Inc.')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00839', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" lang "en" xml lang "en"> Skip to Main Content Area Login | Register Email Updates X Connect With Mitt Follow @MittRomney Home Mitt Romney for President Home Bio Issues Jobs Healthcare Foreign Policy States Alabama Alaska Arizona Arkansas California Colorado Connecticut Delaware Florida Georgia Hawaii Idaho Illinois Indiana Iowa Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Maine Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Minnesota Mississippi Missouri Montana Nebraska Nevada New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico New York North Carolina North Dakota Ohio Oklahoma Oregon Pennsylvania Puerto Rico Rhode Island South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Texas Utah Vermont Virginia Washington Washington D.C. West Virginia Wisconsin Wyoming News Blogs Articles Op-Eds Press Releases Videos Get Involved Action Center Call From Home Fundraise Shop Donate Share This An Open Letter from Conservative Leader James Bopp, Jr. Guest Author | February 7, 2012 My Fellow Conservatives, Like all conservative Republicans, and most Americans, I believe that the future of our country, and the preservation of our way of life, depends on the defeat of President Barack Obama and his replacement with a president who supports free enterprise, limited government, traditional family values, and a strong national defense, based upon the principles of our United States Constitution. Because of my obligations with the Republican National Committee and my belief that any of the major Republican presidential candidates would advance our conservative principles, I have stayed neutral, hoping that one candidate would emerge with the demonstrated ability and support to take on and defeat President Obama. That candidate has now emerged and, as a result, it is time to put aside our minor intra-family differences, to end the increasingly divisive primary fight, and to unite to focus on achieving our shared goal of defeating President Obama. That candidate is Governor Mitt Romney. Mitt Romney is a true conservative. One does not have to guess what Mitt Romney would do in office. He served for four years as Governor of Massachusetts and has a record that conservatives should be proud of. As Governor, Romney fought for social conservative values. He vetoed bills that would have authorized state funding of embryonic cloning, would have changed the definition of human life from fertilization to implantation and would have given young women the morning-after abortion pill without a prescription. He promoted abstinence education in public schools. When the Massachusetts Supreme Court legalized same-sex marriage, he left no stone unturned to set aside that ruling. And in contrast to the Obama Administration s war on the Catholic Church by mandating their institutions to provide contraceptives and abortion-inducing drugs in their health care plans, Governor Romney vetoed a bill that would have required Catholic hospitals to offer abortion-inducing drugs to potential rape victims. Of course, it is true that Romney had a conversion to the pro-life cause, not unlike other Republicans such as Ronald Reagan and George H.W. Bush. We should not only embrace him as a result of this conversion, but also recognize that he is a success story. But the best test of the sincerity of a conversion is deeds, and Mitt Romney was consistently pro-life as Governor, according to the President of Massachusetts Citizens for Life. On the issues currently deemed the most important by the American people, the economy and federal taxes and spending, Romney also has a remarkable record. As a private investor in struggling businesses, Romney was very successful in turning them around. As governor, he issued more than 800 vetoes and cut taxes 19 times. The result, in a state with an overwhelmingly Democratic legislature, is that he closed a 3 billion dollar budget gap and turned it into a 2 billion dollar rainy-day fund. Mitt Romney s success in the first five primary states, including wins in New Hampshire, Florida, and Nevada, have revealed an emerging consensus among Republican voters that he is the most electable the most likely Republican candidate to defeat Obama. Romney has the broadest support among all elements of the Republican party electorate, has the most appeal to independents and swing voters, and is, therefore, the most electable of all. It is time, therefore, to celebrate the result and concentrate all our energy on achieving a general election victory. James Bopp, Jr. Is A Campaign Finance Litigator And Constitutional Scholar. He represents numerous pro-life, pro-family, conservative and Republican party organizations from his law firm in Terre Haute, IN. He also co-founded the Republican National Conservative Caucus and the RNC Conservative Steering Committee. Footer menu Bio Issues States News Videos Get Involved Shop Donate Paid for by Romney for President, Inc. Search Search this site Mobile Site Privacy Policy Store Policy Contact Us 2012 Romney for President, Inc.')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00840', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" lang "en"> Share | Welcome to fllwrs , the Twitter follower tracker. Would you like to see a record of who follows and unfollows you every day Would you like to get notified when someone unfollows you Use fllwrs to monitor changes in your Twitter followers over time and keep a history of followers that have been lost or added. See your Twitter follower history help | follow us @_fllwrs')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00841', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml lang "en" lang "en">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00842', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"> We are working to bring you the best possible online product. To enjoy the full experience of the Ackerman McQueen Digital Network, please install the free Flash 10 Player update.')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00843', '> F DHGraphics shared a screenshot from Flipboard RT @uncrate Duff Beer. Now you can drink like Homer. http //t.co/NtbDQOPU DHGraphics Via Flipboard Tweet Flipboard This image was shared from Flipboard, a fast, beautiful way to flip through the news, photos and updates your friends are sharing on Facebook, Twitter, Flickr, Google Reader and Instagram. Free Download! App Store Badge Flipboard is Made with Love in Palo Alto, California. 2012 Flipboard Inc')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00844', '> F highway721 shared a photo from Flipboard .... Trying to match up curtains to comforter .. What do you think highway721 Via Flipboard Tweet Flipboard This image was shared from Flipboard, a fast, beautiful way to flip through the news, photos and updates your friends are sharing on Facebook, Twitter, Flickr, Google Reader and Instagram. Free Download! App Store Badge Flipboard is Made with Love in Palo Alto, California. 2012 Flipboard Inc')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00845', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml lang "en"> News Popular Tips Friday February 10, 2012 Matt s Inside Line Scoop on NCIS LA , Person of Interest , House , Big Bang , White Collar and More By Matt Webb Mitovich What will push NCIS Los Angeles Kensi to the limit What nunsense is House s Chase up to When will The Walking Dead s big secret be revealed Read on for those scoops, plus other teases from TV s hottest shows. NCIS Los Angeles | As we ve previously teased, the hit CBS drama soon will reveal why Kensi joined NCIS and it s a very surprising reason, and it s a very dangerous reason, show boss Shane Brennan tells me. And while the backstory will unspool over back-to-back episodes, It takes place in a very short space of time, as Kensi is pushed to the limit while Deeks is running behind, trying to stop her from destroying the things that she cares about. Brennan also notes that the catalyst for this story was embedded within Kensi s Hawaii Five-0 crossover last fall Something happened while she was there. That s when the fuse was lit. Person of Interest | Dipping into the reader mailbag, Zach writes Person of Interest has really been on a roll as of late. Do you have any info or scoopage about upcoming episodes As a matter of fact, I can tell you that the very next episode, airing Feb. 16, will put one of the team members in jeopardy As a direct result of helping Reese and Finch with their latest mission, Fusco played by Kevin Chapman will end up on the wrong end of a gun, ready to meet his Maker. House | One ray of light for those sad to see Fox s House end in May is that we ll finally get a Chase-centric episode la past hours that have focused on Cuddy or Wilson. And that pleases Jesse Spencer. I ve been extremely enamored with how smart, incredible and worthwhile this show is it s crossed a lot of different boundaries, notes the actor. And to finally have an episode which literally follows me around is absolutely terrifying, but I was extremely grateful to have the opportunity to spread my wings. Specifically, Chase, while recuperating from last week s near-paralysis, will treat a nun and not just any old nun, but a cloistered nun, Spencer reports. That means she has like no human contact, does silent prayer 12 hours a day . And while promos suggest the two get surprisingly close in an ahem almost Biblical sense, they will also bond in another. Chase went to a seminary when he was younger, so a lot of that stuff is brought up. The Walking Dead | While speaking with executive producer Gale Anne Hurd about the midseason premiere airing this Sunday, I was sure to dig up that old chestnut about the freshman season-ending whisper between Jenner, the CDC scientist, and Rick. Of course, many had speculated at the time that Rick had learned that wife Lori was pregnant but Hurd now is willing to rule out that one theory, seeing as Rick wouldn t have been surprised to get the official word a few episodes back. As for when we ll learn what was disclosed by Jenner, Hurd promises viewers, I don t think your wait is too long. White Collar | Did anyone else get an unsettling vibe this week when Kramer played by Beau Bridges shared with Diana his concerns about the NYC FBI office possibly being complicit with Neal s sketchy endeavors Is he merely looking to do right, or is he perhaps also operating off an agenda Both , answers Tim DeKay. But it s extremely well-written in that his agenda is not Machiavellian. He s not being evil with it, and you ll understand where he s coming from. Nonetheless, Peter would be wise to be very judicious in deciding whether to commute Caffrey s sentence. As seen in the next episode, which DeKay directed, Peter will realize his decision is going to not just decide Neal s fate but possibly also decide his own. Sitcom Scoops! | Ever wonder where The Big Bang Theory s Sheldon gets his very special hairstyle You soon will find out when we meet his the guy who cuts his hair or, much to Sheldon s great horror, the guy s nephew , who s filling in for his regular barber . It looks like the 2 Broke Girls savings is due for a setback, when it falls upon Caroline to pony up the money needed to keep her incarcerated father s lawyer around long enough for her to give her deposition . As we first told you, Megan Mullally has joined Fox s Breaking In for Season 2 as Oz s boss though the team will get a bit of a bait-and-switch when she first shows up. Alphonso McAuley, who plays Cash, tells me that Contra s new owner will first pass herself off as just a receptionist , as she gathers intel on her underlings. If there s a show you d like the Inside Line on, email mattmtvguy@gmail.com , and maybe it ll get some love the next time around! Follow @MattMitovich Comments 16 I don t see the POI twist ending well for Fuscoe or Chapman , since now that Taraji Henson is part of the gang he s officially a redundant character. So funny I watched the first episodes and always said when he came on, look, there s the character that gets written off before the end of the first season. Comment by John February 10, 2012 08 37 AM PST Reply to this post I hope this isn t true. I love Fusco s sleazy edge. He ll go places and do things like the surveillance on Finch and planting evidence that Carter wouldn t do. Comment by Tikkanen February 10, 2012 09 00 AM PST Reply to this post I agree. Reece intimidates/deals with Fusco in a way he would not even consider with Carter. Him saying they were friends last night cracked me up. He had a hard time getting the words out. Comment by Renee February 10, 2012 09 44 AM PST Reply to this post I don t have a clue who that is; I ve seen every episode, but don t recall that name. Also, what else is new about White Collar being extremely well-written outside of stretching that commutation bit too thin over too long Comment by TJ. Church February 10, 2012 09 41 AM PST Reply to this post Fusco is the NYPD detective that was dirty in the beginning, but now works for the team, originally under threat of blackmail. Reese sarcastically calls him by his first name Lionel . Comment by Tikkanen February 10, 2012 11 47 AM PST Reply to this post I know the only thing I m watching this week [H]ouse And As A true Housefan, I m gonna be glue to my tv for the 11 episode remaining sadly! of the last season . Don t care about the others shows on the same night . Comment by Jules February 10, 2012 08 42 AM PST Reply to this post Deto! Love House, so sad to see it end. Love Chase and I m glad we can follow his POV. Hope for lots of House and Chase interactions. Jesse s great! Comment by HouseWife February 10, 2012 09 00 AM PST Reply to this post Can t wait to see Jesse Spencer s Chase episode on House!!! Comment by Mia February 10, 2012 09 10 AM PST Reply to this post I wonder if they re going to go the everyone who dies becomes a zombie route in the show Comment by Emily February 10, 2012 09 33 AM PST Reply to this post I ll be absolutely watching the Chase episode on House! Jesse Spencer s performance in Nobody s Fault last week was awesome and I bet he does a great job with Chase . Hope he lands some cool movies or tv roles after House. Plus, he s incredibly handsome!! Comment by kim February 10, 2012 09 34 AM PST Reply to this post Too bad for Fusco got to liking him but with him getting so little airtime and Carter now assisting Reese and Finch I can see his character leaving in one form or another it can also be a red herring and he stays . At least Reese gave him a chance instead of knocking him off in the beginning. Comment by Barb February 10, 2012 09 39 AM PST Reply to this post I m pretty sure it s already been mentioned by Sheldon in one episode that Sheldon get s his hair cut at SuperCuts. Of course, he could have changed his mind since then Comment by Boomer February 10, 2012 09 41 AM PST Reply to this post As much as I love TBBT I hate the continuity errors. Sheldon used to love the hospital. He wanted to have his brain waves measured. He LOVED Leonard s doctor girlfriend because she was their McCoy. Then he was freaked out by germs in the hospital Now he passes out at the sight of his own blood I don t think so. Supercuts to NOT would be just one more of these continuity holes. Do the writers honestly think we don t remember Comment by Diane February 10, 2012 01 36 PM PST Reply to this post Very intrigued by Kensi s background on NCIS LA It sounds good! Want to know why she joined NCIS LA and what she have done while she was in Hawaii. Can t wait for those episodes! Comment by alesig February 10, 2012 09 57 AM PST Reply to this post Jesse Spencer is an outstanding actor and the subtlety of his performance in Nobody s Doubt blew me away. That was the best episode of House in years and I m anxiously awaiting next weeks Chase . I m especially happy to see that Chase s faith will finally be addressed again. Comment by Steph February 10, 2012 11 36 AM PST Reply to this post That guy can convey all sorts of emotions with his eyes, without even saying a word. That scene, in Nobody s Fault , where Chase was being interviewed by Cofield was very impressive. It would be awesome if he ends up with an Emmy, Golden Globe or SAG nomination for his work this season not holding my breath, though. Jesse s an asset to the show, so sad that he was squandered for a number of seasons glad the producers finally got a clue before it was too late. Comment by Aussie girl February 10, 2012 01 04 PM PST Reply to this post Post a Comment Comments on TVLine.com are monitored. So don\'t go off topic, don\'t frakkin\' curse, and be gone with your offers of discount leather goods. Talk smart about TV! Click here to cancel reply. Your name Email address will not be published Your website optional Comment required FULL SITE | BACK TO STORIES Copyright 2011 TVLine Media, LLC. All rights reserved.')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00847', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns fb "http //www.facebook.com/2008/fbml"> 63 our cities Austin Chicago London Los Angeles New York City San Francisco Shanghai Toronto Washington DC Snakes! at the Capitol, Elsewhere Food Three Austin Pastry Chefs named in Food & Wine Top 50 Kiyanna Project - Telling Stories and Playing Songs On Film Anarchy Near the MLK [Punx Picnic Festival Preview] Punx Picnic Punx Picnic Friday, February 10 - Sunday February 12 The Music Ranch 5220 N FM 973 $40 for three-day pass, all ages [ info ] | [ tickets ] It might set off a few red flags to see a Survival Tips page on a music festival s website, but the folks behind the Punx Picnic are nothing if not pragmatic. They re putting on their Texas-sized punk bash on the Eastest-most side of the East Side just south of Walter E. Long Lake, where MLK turns into Farm-To-Market Road 969. You can camp out on the Picnic s bucolic Music Ranch estate and catch over one hundred bands all weekend long. No grills or outdoor cooking appliances are allowed, but the festival is BYOB. The organizers are stressing that this is a family event, so I guess that means no crowd surfing into another person s tent. Artisan, craft, and food vendors will be made available, including tattoo parlors, record stores, and a veritable carnival providing three ring entertainment. There will also be a half-pipe to get your skating in, but the Survival Tips page warns that there will be limited medical attention available. And there will be music three themed stages providing the finest Texas thrash, hardcore, and punk all day long, starting at eleven in the morning and going well into the night. Agony Column, Symbol Six, Lower Class Brats, Chelsea Hotel, and Toxic Rott are slated to headline each of the three nights. Just think of this weekend as a primer for South By Southwest. Sooner or later, you have to get into festival shape, right Contact the author of this article or email tips@austinist.com with further questions, comments or tips. By A Levy in Arts & Entertainment on February 9, 2012 2 02 PM 0 Comments festival music musicfestivals musicranch punk punxpicnic Other Interesting Stories Comments [ rss ] blog comments powered by Disqus Previous Home send a tip Got something to share Let us know! From tips@austinist.com all our cities one convenient app about staff / advertising / contact / archive contribute subscribe Use an RSS reader to stay up to date with the latest news and posts from Austinist. add austinist Yahoo NewsGator Bloglines Feedster Google Open external links in tabs 2003-2011 Gothamist LLC . All rights reserved. Terms of Use & Privacy Policy .')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00848', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns fb "http //www.facebook.com/2008/fbml"> 63 our cities Austin Chicago London Los Angeles New York City San Francisco Shanghai Toronto Washington DC Snakes! at the Capitol, Elsewhere Food Three Austin Pastry Chefs named in Food & Wine Top 50 Kiyanna Project - Telling Stories and Playing Songs On Film Anarchy Near the MLK [Punx Picnic Festival Preview] Punx Picnic Punx Picnic Friday, February 10 - Sunday February 12 The Music Ranch 5220 N FM 973 $40 for three-day pass, all ages [ info ] | [ tickets ] It might set off a few red flags to see a Survival Tips page on a music festival s website, but the folks behind the Punx Picnic are nothing if not pragmatic. They re putting on their Texas-sized punk bash on the Eastest-most side of the East Side just south of Walter E. Long Lake, where MLK turns into Farm-To-Market Road 969. You can camp out on the Picnic s bucolic Music Ranch estate and catch over one hundred bands all weekend long. No grills or outdoor cooking appliances are allowed, but the festival is BYOB. The organizers are stressing that this is a family event, so I guess that means no crowd surfing into another person s tent. Artisan, craft, and food vendors will be made available, including tattoo parlors, record stores, and a veritable carnival providing three ring entertainment. There will also be a half-pipe to get your skating in, but the Survival Tips page warns that there will be limited medical attention available. And there will be music three themed stages providing the finest Texas thrash, hardcore, and punk all day long, starting at eleven in the morning and going well into the night. Agony Column, Symbol Six, Lower Class Brats, Chelsea Hotel, and Toxic Rott are slated to headline each of the three nights. Just think of this weekend as a primer for South By Southwest. Sooner or later, you have to get into festival shape, right Contact the author of this article or email tips@austinist.com with further questions, comments or tips. By A Levy in Arts & Entertainment on February 9, 2012 2 02 PM 0 Comments festival music musicfestivals musicranch punk punxpicnic Other Interesting Stories Comments [ rss ] blog comments powered by Disqus Previous Home send a tip Got something to share Let us know! From tips@austinist.com all our cities one convenient app about staff / advertising / contact / archive contribute subscribe Use an RSS reader to stay up to date with the latest news and posts from Austinist. add austinist Yahoo NewsGator Bloglines Feedster Google Open external links in tabs 2003-2011 Gothamist LLC . All rights reserved. Terms of Use & Privacy Policy .')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00849', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns fb "http //www.facebook.com/2008/fbml"> 63 our cities Austin Chicago London Los Angeles New York City San Francisco Shanghai Toronto Washington DC Snakes! at the Capitol, Elsewhere Food Three Austin Pastry Chefs named in Food & Wine Top 50 Kiyanna Project - Telling Stories and Playing Songs On Film Food Last Minute Find - Bonbons & Bubbly At The Carillon Tonight While sifting through restaurant emails this afternoon, we noticed an event tonight we\'d initially overlooked a cocktail, champagne, and dessert pairing evening at one of our favorite spots, UT-area fine dining beacon The Carillon . Tickets are $32.50 per person and the event kicks off at 6pm in about three hours. Better late than never The invite promises savory appetizers and a cocktail to start, followed by a 3-dessert tasting accompanied by miniature cocktail pairings. The desserts are the handiwork of new Carillon team member Plinio Sandalio , who was until recently the pastry chef at Congress Austin. All in all, sounds like a great way to start the Valentine\'s Day weekend. Call 512-404-3665 to book a space. We\'ve attached the menu below DESSERTS Pear Pudding Pops Pecan & Pineapple Financier Oatmeal & Nutella Fluffer Nutters COCKTAILS Chrysanthemum Cocktail Queens Park Swizzle Fernet Menta Branca Alexander Contact the author of this article or email tips@austinist.com with further questions, comments or tips. By Tom Thornton in Food on February 9, 2012 3 20 PM 0 Comments champagne cocktails drinks food thecarillon Other Interesting Stories Comments [ rss ] The Carillon Thanks for posting. Late love is better that none. blog comments powered by Disqus Previous Home send a tip Got something to share Let us know! From tips@austinist.com all our cities one convenient app about staff / advertising / contact / archive contribute subscribe Use an RSS reader to stay up to date with the latest news and posts from Austinist. add austinist Yahoo NewsGator Bloglines Feedster Google Open external links in tabs 2003-2011 Gothamist LLC . All rights reserved. Terms of Use & Privacy Policy .')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00850', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns fb "http //www.facebook.com/2008/fbml"> 63 our cities Austin Chicago London Los Angeles New York City San Francisco Shanghai Toronto Washington DC Snakes! at the Capitol, Elsewhere Food Three Austin Pastry Chefs named in Food & Wine Top 50 Kiyanna Project - Telling Stories and Playing Songs On Film Har Mar Superstar at Mohawk [Photos] On Wednesday night, Austin was treated to show #2 of Har Mar Superstar\'s February residency at Mohawk. Our photographer Pooneh Ghana was there to capture the fun. Har Mar Superstar [ official ] Contact the author of this article or email tips@austinist.com with further questions, comments or tips. By Pooneh Ghana in Arts & Entertainment on February 9, 2012 1 25 PM 0 Comments harmarsuperstar mohawk music photos Other Interesting Stories Comments [ rss ] blog comments powered by Disqus Previous Home send a tip Got something to share Let us know! From tips@austinist.com The day\'s most popular stories from Austinist every evening in your inbox from our newsletter. Plus weekly event listings on Mondays! EMAIL required about staff / advertising / contact / archive contribute subscribe Use an RSS reader to stay up to date with the latest news and posts from Austinist. add austinist Yahoo NewsGator Bloglines Feedster Google Open external links in tabs 2003-2011 Gothamist LLC . All rights reserved. Terms of Use & Privacy Policy .')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00851', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns fb "http //www.facebook.com/2008/fbml"> 63 our cities Austin Chicago London Los Angeles New York City San Francisco Shanghai Toronto Washington DC Snakes! at the Capitol, Elsewhere Food Three Austin Pastry Chefs named in Food & Wine Top 50 Kiyanna Project - Telling Stories and Playing Songs On Film One Love Interview with HRC Visbility Award Honorees Lynn Yeldell and Alisa Weldon HRC Austin One Love HRC Austin Gala 2012 Saturday, February 11 Four Seasons Hotel 98 San Jacinto Blvd. $275, 6pm [ info ] | [ tickets ] L Style G Style co-founders and life partners Lynn Yeldell and Alisa Weldon will be recognized with the Visibility Award at the 2012 Austin HRC Gala . This award recognizes LGBT individuals who are living open and honest lives at home, at work, and in their greater community. The couple met at the Austin Gay and Lesbian Film Festival . Lynn found Alisa\'s energy and enthusiasm infectious and these same qualities became the foundation to starting L Style G Style . The couple talked with Austinist about being honored with the award, the difficulties of living openly and honestly, and their views on the Austin LGBT community. What does the Visibility Award mean to you How would you describe living open and honest lives Alisa Having an organization as impressive as HRC recognize us is a humbling honor. I feel and believe that living out and open is a social responsibility for us all. We won\'t change negative opinions if we don\'t create positive experiences for others to witness. Both Lynn and I are reminded daily that it\'s ok to be out every single day. For many, fear of ultimate rejection from family and co-workers doesn\'t allow for ultimate personal freedom. I know that every time Lynn and I walk out of our house, we\'re \'judged\' and we want every experience you have with us both personally and professionally to be one of integrity, transparency and genuine openness. We represent the very essence of our business and we want nothing more than to create conversations and feeling of ease for those that engage us. Has it ever been difficult for you to live openly and honestly Lynn Throughout my career, I have worked in some traditionally very conservative industries such as banking and wealth management. Thankfully, the large majority of my colleagues have been welcoming and supportive, but there still exists an undercurrent of discrimination and lack of understanding. I specifically remember a conversation with my branch manager at UBS who requested that I no longer display L Style G Style in the lobby of our office. It was a really sad day to watch the magazine which represented all that I stood for in being open and honest in my life be banned from the very place that I worked and spent the majority of my waking hours. Alisa Yes, I lived in the closet with a design and marketing client of mine, The Scooter Store from 2001-2004. Because the company had a strong family and somewhat religious culture, when personal questions were asked during meetings, I would steer clear of answering them with honesty. In all truthfulness, I was afraid of sharing my personal life with them in fear of losing them as a client at the time. I\'m happy to say that when they reengaged me in 2007 to do some projects for them, I came out to them and my message was received warmly. My professional career began in 1994 and with all the businesses I\'ve worked or with, there were only a few that I stayed in the closet with - primarily because religious aspects of company culture were overly apparent and public. What do you think of the HRC\'s mission and how it applies specifically to Austin Lynn First, Austin is so wonderfully welcoming to most all types of diversity. So welcoming that when people visit, they are a bit thrown off that we don\'t have a large and vibrant gay district. I think that it is a testament to the work that HRC is doing across the nation-working for equality. Austin just happens to be more evolved creatively and intellectually perhaps...though there is still much work to do. Another thing I think of is that we are also a capital town. But how many friends do you have that step foot in those offices advocating for LGBT rights and advocacy I am so thankful to HRC for their lobbying and advocacy on a national level while also taking keen and active interests in pivotal local races. What has been your experience with the HRC so far Lynn I have been active with HRC since my first Gala Dinner in New Orleans in 1998 and have served in most all of the volunteer roles from Board of Governor, Dinner Co-Chair, and more. As with any non-profit advocacy organization, I have disagreed with a handful of positions they have taken in the nearly 15 years of my involvement. But on the whole, HRC is the one organization that I have been able to rely on to help take divisive issues such as "Don\'t Ask, Don\'t Tell" and marriage equality and make real change. Sure, I would love to see change come faster, but they are the only organization that has made any consistent change on these issues. What inspired you to start L Style G Style Alisa I wanted to create something that was reflective of how I live my life - leading a professional life, giving back to my community and having my sexual orientation be the last element of focus when first impressions are made. I wanted to focus on the positive aspects of those who have contributed to the community and make it better, who happen to be gay or lesbian. The way my father was raised Southern Baptist was the impetus of trying to change opinions of who the gay community is in the eyes of the straight community. It was his desire for me to be the best I could be and my grandmother\'s lessons on connecting to the community around you that drove me to create something any family could read and not feel awkward discussing or sharing. I wanted and want L Style G Style to be a positive experience that would inspire young gay and lesbian people to know that there life can be as important as others. How do you think the magazine has changed the Austin LGBT community Alisa I feel strongly that we have not only brought the lesbian and gay community together which for those that don\'t know, in past history we haven\'t played well together , but we have created a sense of inclusivity for us all-making being gay a non issue. I feel we\'ve put a face to the gay community and while we don\'t have a "one size fits all" representation, I know for those outside the circle of the gay community have new interest in who we are, what we do and what our story is all about. How do you think it\'s changed Austin in general Lynn Because we have free distribution throughout the city, we are accessible to everyone. We hear numerous stories from straight allies who read the magazine for months without realizing that all of the people profiled on the cover all happened to be gay. That is one of the highest compliments we can receive as it is our aim to first tell the story of the person which ultimately opens minds and changes lives. L Style G Style has provided unique access and coverage of our gay and lesbian community showing that the most remarkable part about us is that we really that remarkable! How is Austin\'s LGBT community different from other LGBT communities you may have lived in or visited Alisa Growing up in Friendswood, TX, a highly conservative Quaker town, is no comparison. I gravitated to Austin because I had heard that it was a welcoming community and it was ok to be out due to a fairly growing gay community. My reference is dated and at the time of moving here in 1993, Ellen DeGeneres hadn\'t even come out. With that said, when we visit other cities and talk about what we do in Austin, there is overwhelming response to launch L Style G Style for general awareness. What do you hope for the future of the LGBT community in Austin Alisa That diversity is welcomed throughout the community. The divisiveness, I see with LGBT community becomes more cohesive and collaborative. Because the majority of highly supportive organizations supported by the LGBT community were founded at the beginning of the AIDS crisis, I hope we continue to educate, enlighten and garner the support of the greater community. I hope that businesses, families and churches open doors to LGBT individuals with love, compassion and support so that we all can just \'get along\'. Most importantly, I wish for the participation every LGBT person in Austin to live out, come out, support those that support us and vote. Contact the author of this article or email tips@austinist.com with further questions, comments or tips. By Travis Sandoval in Arts & Entertainment on February 9, 2012 12 35 PM 0 Comments gay hrc interviews lgbt lstylegstyle visibilityaward Other Interesting Stories Comments [ rss ] blog comments powered by Disqus Previous Home send a tip Got something to share Let us know! From tips@austinist.com all our cities one convenient app about staff / advertising / contact / archive contribute subscribe Use an RSS reader to stay up to date with the latest news and posts from Austinist. add austinist Yahoo NewsGator Bloglines Feedster Google Open external links in tabs 2003-2011 Gothamist LLC . All rights reserved. Terms of Use & Privacy Policy .')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00852', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns fb "http //www.facebook.com/2008/fbml"> 63 our cities Austin Chicago London Los Angeles New York City San Francisco Shanghai Toronto Washington DC Snakes! at the Capitol, Elsewhere Food Three Austin Pastry Chefs named in Food & Wine Top 50 Kiyanna Project - Telling Stories and Playing Songs On Film Food Three Austin Pastry Chefs named in Food & Wine Top 50 Three Austin pastry chefs were included in Food & Wine\'s cr me de la cr me list of nominees vying for the prestigious honor of The People s Best New Pastry Chef in America . Stephen Cak of Parkside , Laura Sawicki of La Condesa , and Josh Matlock of Paggi House are among the Top 50 up-and-coming pastry chefs competing in online poll to determine the people s pick for the best of the best. Supporting these talented chefs is easy as pie; just visit Food & Wine\'s website between now and midnight on February 14 to vote. The Top 50 nominated chefs are divided into one of three regions East, West, or Central. Between now until the polls close, readers can vote for one chef in each category to determine regional finalists. The top vote recipient of the three finalists will be named the first annual The People s Best New Pastry Chef in America. The winner and finalists will be announced February 15 online. For the past 24 years, Food & Wine s editors have selected an annual list of promising culinary talents with help from a large network of journalists, chefs, and other in-the-know sources. However, the magazine has sweetened this year s search with the inclusion of a pastry chef category. As tradition, only those who have helmed a kitchen for five or fewer years were eligible to be nominated. Past Best New Chef America winners have included Tyson Cole Uchi, 2005 and Bryce Gilmore Barley Swine, 2011 . The winner will be featured in the May 2012 edition of Food & Wine Magazin e and attend the Aspen Food & Wine Classic. Vote for one of Austin s nominees by visiting Food & Wine online. Contact the author of this article or email tips@austinist.com with further questions, comments or tips. By Ginny Bell in Food on February 10, 2012 9 14 AM 0 Comments best new chef foodandwine la condesa paggi house parkside Other Interesting Stories Comments [ rss ] blog comments powered by Disqus Previous Home send a tip Got something to share Let us know! From tips@austinist.com The day\'s most popular stories from Austinist every evening in your inbox from our newsletter. Plus weekly event listings on Mondays! EMAIL required about staff / advertising / contact / archive contribute subscribe Use an RSS reader to stay up to date with the latest news and posts from Austinist. add austinist Yahoo NewsGator Bloglines Feedster Google Open external links in tabs 2003-2011 Gothamist LLC . All rights reserved. Terms of Use & Privacy Policy .')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00853', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns fb "http //www.facebook.com/2008/fbml"> 46 our cities Austin Chicago London Los Angeles New York City San Francisco Shanghai Toronto Washington DC Morning Roundup Conservative Edition Pennsylvania Senator Addresses Pressing National s Issue In Virginia, Your Home is Your Castle AIDS Activist Faces Trial After Use of Medical Marijuana Sinks Hopes for Dismissal of Charges AIDS activist and patient Antonio Davis speaks in front of the Wilson Building yesterday on his case, which goes to trial in May. On the same day in 2011 that Mayor Vince Gray, members of the D.C. Council and more than 30 residents were arrested during a protest on Capitol Hill for D.C. voting rights, Antonio Davis and 11 other activists were arrested outside the ceremonial office of House Majority Leader Eric Cantor as they angrily decried cuts to HIV/AIDS funding and needle-exchange programs in the District. But while Gray and the majority of those he was arrested with were allowed to pay a $50 fine and go on their merry way, Davis, who lives in Philadelphia, faces trial in May and could well spend six months in jail if convicted of a single misdemeanor count of unlawful entry. Why Because he failed a drug test, having tested positive for marijuana that his doctor has recommended he use to treat the AIDS he suffers from. After the April 11 arrest, Davis and the 11 other activists were offered a standard "Deferred Prosecution Agreement" under which they had to stay away from the Cannon House Office Building for six months, perform 32 hours of community service and test negative in three drug tests. If they did so within four months, the charges against them would be dropped. By June, they had all completed the community service, and 10 of the 12 successfully came in negative in their drug tests. But for Davis and fellow protester David Goode, the medical marijuana that their doctors have recommended they use to ease the pain and side-effects of their other AIDS medications registered in the tests. Having been assured by a judge that marijuana isn\'t screened for and having turned in letters from their doctors attesting to their need for the marijuana, both expected that the U.S. Attorney for the District would honor the Deferred Prosecution Agreement. Matt Kavanagh and Davis. Photo by Larry Bryant. That never happened. Instead, their case was transferred to a new prosecutor, and then a third. All 12 activists were told that their first 32 hours of community service didn\'t count, and were told to complete 32 more. By January 2012, Davis and Goode tested positive for marijuana again, foregoing any alternative to a trial altogether. The nine others were told that they would have to do a third 32-hour stint of community service or similarly go to trial. Requiring repeated drug tests, repeated unpaid community services, and a half dozen court appearances is completely unreasonable on a charge for which city council members pay a fine and walk away from," said Matt Kavanagh, who is the Director of Advocacy at the Health GAP in the District and was arrested alongside Davis. But according to William Miller, a spokesman for the U.S. Attorney for the District, the prosecutors have followed standard procedure in Davis\' case. Additionally, he noted, Gray and the D.C. voting rights protesters were prosecuted by the D.C. Attorney General, which would explain the different approaches. "These cases were handled consistently with the diversion policies of the U.S. Attorney s Office. The case involving Mayor Gray and others had a different set of circumstances and was not handled by the U.S. Attorney s Office. The District of Columbia Office of Attorney General handled that matter. The conduct in this particular case led to a charge of unlawful conduct on Capitol grounds, a misdemeanor that is prosecuted by the U.S. Attorney s Office. The U.S. Attorney s Office requires defendants to pass drug tests to qualify for diversion," he said. That\'s of little solace to Davis, who says that he used marijuana one a week to counteract the side effects of the nine other medications he takes and to stimulate his appetite. "I\'ve been prescribed medical marijuana because it\'s the only the thing that helps me in my condition. I do not use marijuana as a substance to get high," he said. The ongoing legal drama has taken its toll on him, he says. He\'s given up using marijuana for the time being, and has lost 20 pounds over the last two months. He\'s had to travel back and forth between Philadelphia and the District five times for hearings, and he worries that a conviction would put his career as a paralegal in jeopardy. He also sees little humor in the fact that as of January, D.C. Pre-Trial Services stopped testing for marijuana, since his case predates the change in policy. He just wants this to be over. "I ask that [U.S. Attorney for the District Ron Machen] look in his heart to make a reasonable decision and let those enter into the Pre-Trial Services Diversion Program or drop the case and dismiss all charges against all protesters," he said. Contact the author of this article or email tips@dcist.com with further questions, comments or tips. By Martin Austermuhle in News on February 9, 2012 10 00 AM 0 Comments aids antonio davis congress hiv hiv/aids matt kavanagh medical marijuana needle exchange protest ron machen trial u.s. attorney Other Interesting Stories Comments [ rss ] joeyrockx Wow, what kind of a sh1t-hole are we leaving for our kids The word "disgraceful" doesn\'t even begin to describe it. BrandName No time to prosecute the thugs mugging, robbing, burglarizing and generally terrorizing DC\'s citizens but we\'re going after the sick guy that had something to say. Seems like MPD\'s policy of not wanting to get hurt by the bad guys is now extending to the judicial system. dcissound This is just unconscionable and disgusting. IMGoph the exact words i was thinking as i read this. seriously takes away all faith in the word "justice" Dread_Pirate_Roberts I am still trying to parse that headline! Martin Austermuhle Yeah, it was hard to boil down the issue into a headline. Certainly not my forte. Over the River Well let\'s fix that for you Martin. Jurisdictional Changes to Post-Protest Sentencing Derail AIDS Activists / Dash Hopes for Dismissal or maybe Jurisdictional Changes to Sentencing Derail AIDS Activists & Dash Hopes for Dismissal Chas Holman The Feds keep saying \'we are not going after sick people\' just those who make money from it. The Feds are lying, and the healthy busy people are mostly apathetic to it. Johnny Credo land of the free! Ollie Pooeater Is this Cantor\'s "Snitches get Stitches" DCUnionGuy Great to know the US Attorney\'s office can just keep moving the ball. "Those first 64 hours Those were just practice ." monkeyrotica Are the Feds obligated to provide medical treatment to him while he\'s in jail What happens if he\'s denied medication and dies in Federal custody poopieface Is there really nothing else for the US Attorney to focus on Can I have a refund of my tax dollars blog comments powered by Disqus Previous Home send a tip Got something to share Let us know! From tips@dcist.com The day\'s most popular stories from DCist every evening in your inbox from our newsletter. EMAIL required about staff / advertising / contact Contribute Latest Tip http //www.nbcwashington.com/news/local/DC-Homicide-Investigation-Inside-Bethesda-Fitness-Store-1178 [ more ] Latest Photo CONTRIBUTE NOW! subscribe Use an RSS reader to stay up to date with the latest news and posts from DCist. add dcist Yahoo NewsGator Bloglines Feedster Google Open external links in tabs 2003-2010 Gothamist LLC . All rights reserved. Terms of Use & Privacy Policy .')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00854', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns fb "http //www.facebook.com/2008/fbml"> 46 our cities Austin Chicago London Los Angeles New York City San Francisco Shanghai Toronto Washington DC Morning Roundup Conservative Edition Pennsylvania Senator Addresses Pressing National s Issue In Virginia, Your Home is Your Castle Be Blue Metro Track Work Spares Only One Line on Weekend Photo by christaki It\'s time for your weekly warnings of Metro track work , and if you\'re a Blue Line user, consider yourself lucky. According to WMATA, every line but the Blue will be undergoing some sort of work from 10 p.m. tonight until the system closes on Sunday. On the Orange Line, shuttle buses will replace train service between East Falls Church and West Falls Church. On the Red Line, expect single-tracking between Van Ness and Friendship Heights and between New York Avenue and Rhode Island Avenue. On the Green Line, things will be slow-going between Naylor Road and Branch Avenue and L Enfant Plaza and Mt. Vernon Square. The Yellow Line is a little more complicated On Friday evening, after 10 p.m., Yellow Line trains will operate every 26 minutes between Fort Totten and Huntington. Customers should allow 15-20 minutes of additional travel time. On Saturday and Sunday, all Yellow Line trains will operate via the Blue Line between Huntington and Stadium-Armory on a regular weekend schedule. Customers should allow 15 minutes of additional travel time between L Enfant Plaza and Pentagon stations. At L Enfant Plaza, all Yellow Line trains will depart from the Lower Level. All of this work is part of Metro\'s $5 billion capital improvement program. In short, it might be annoying now, but it would be way more annoying in the future if this stuff didn\'t get done now. Contact the author of this article or email tips@dcist.com with further questions, comments or tips. By Martin Austermuhle in News on February 10, 2012 10 35 AM 0 Comments metro track work weekend wmata Other Interesting Stories Comments [ rss ] lazydazy I don\'t get the yellow line thing. Could someone provide a visual please Under the River @lazydazy disqus On Saturday and Sunday the Yellow Line trains will run as usual between Huntington and the Pentagon, but instead of traveling over the Potomac River, they will travel onward from the Pentagon using the Blue Line tracks, through Arlington Cemetery, Roslyn, GW, etc. and continue on that line until they get to Stadium-Armory, from which they will make the return trip. If you typically take the Yellow Line farther north from L Enfant Plaza, you will need to go upstairs at L Enfant Plaza and take the Green Line toward Greenbelt. The reason they said "add 15 minutes between the Pentagon and L Enfant Plaza" is because you will be taking the "long way" around. lazydazy Thanks OTR...why couldn\'t metro have just said that Under the River You are very welcome, and I guess they couldn\'t say it because they aren\'t me..... CJ_Scudworth Well, it\'ll give those CPAC folks something to bond over besides the homosexual sex, at least. ms_jlynn So avoid Metro just like I do every other day of the week Got it. Joan Arkham Suck it, haters! Oh wait...Metro is useless for me on the weekends anyway. Carry on, haters, carry on. slim_pickens HHhhhhhhhhhhhhh... blog comments powered by Disqus Previous Home send a tip Got something to share Let us know! From tips@dcist.com The day\'s most popular stories from DCist every evening in your inbox from our newsletter. EMAIL required about staff / advertising / contact Contribute Latest Tip http //www.nbcwashington.com/news/local/DC-Homicide-Investigation-Inside-Bethesda-Fitness-Store-1178 [ more ] Latest Photo CONTRIBUTE NOW! subscribe Use an RSS reader to stay up to date with the latest news and posts from DCist. add dcist Yahoo NewsGator Bloglines Feedster Google Open external links in tabs 2003-2010 Gothamist LLC . All rights reserved. Terms of Use & Privacy Policy .')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00855', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns fb "http //www.facebook.com/2008/fbml"> 46 our cities Austin Chicago London Los Angeles New York City San Francisco Shanghai Toronto Washington DC Morning Roundup Conservative Edition Pennsylvania Senator Addresses Pressing National s Issue In Virginia, Your Home is Your Castle Go Home Already Snacks Photo by abrowntable More on that Twitter-fueled conflagration at the D.C. Fire Department. [Loose Lips] "Go nuts, indie-poppers." Black Tambourine needs cash to cover Ramones . [Arts Desk] Fan starts petition to lobby Peyton Manning , who has the second-most Super Bowl championships of anyone his his family sorry , to join Redskins. [City Desk] Cops testify in University of Virginia lacrosse murder case. [WTOP] Unemployment rate is dropping for Latino population . [DCentric] I can\'t believe I went to CPAC and missed Joe the Plumber ! [Ryan Lizza] Eh, he still got interviewed , natch. [U.S. News] Maryland gets $960 million in big foreclosure settlement between banks and states. [Post] Conservative dating tips not working out for you Where to drink alone. [TBD] Is Bowser going to run for mayor in 2014 [Examiner] Montgomery County teacher had a year-long relationship with teenage student , police say. [NBC Washington] Contact the author of this article or email tips@dcist.com with further questions, comments or tips. By Benjamin R. Freed in News on February 9, 2012 5 30 PM 0 Comments go home already Other Interesting Stories Comments [ rss ] System_Error Was anyone else disappointed that story wasn\'t about Bowser from Sha Na Na running for mayor poopieface I thought it said a Browser was running for Mayor. Google Chrome would do a better job than Gary. System_Error Gary is like the Internet Explorer 6 of mayors. Marion Barry is like the Mosaic of mayors... maybe decent a while back, but way past its prime and usefulness. monkeyrotica Maryland gets $960 million in big foreclosure settlement between banks and states... ...Blows It All On Malt Liquor, Cartons of Kools, Lotto Tickets. slim_pickens Dood! You\'re employed by a DC blog. This New York sports bullshit is not charming. Please take it somewhere else. Waaahmbulance How dare you mock a stutterer! "...who has the second-most Super Bowl championships of anyone his his family sorry " rudeskata You\'re just upset because Bowser will be taking over soon. CJ_Scudworth Too late. The Princess is in another castle. mensan98th Sweet--two of the \'drink-alone\' bars are within stumbling distance. I\'m just here for the snark It\'s tragically fitting that TBD listed the best bars for drinking alone... monkeyrotica DCist should publish a list of best bars for complaining about cupcakes, cyclists, reverse vampires, and people who complain on DCist. CJ_Scudworth So just a list of commentariat happy hour spots then Kev29 Going to bars alone is really kind of my forte I do have friends... and a wife... really . While there are a couple terrific places on the TBD list, there\'s also too many cramped spaces and sh tholes with bad beer cough coughUgly Mugcough cough . They also can\'t be too hot or happening cause you won\'t really fit in and service can\'t be flighty. My personal faves good beer selections a given ... Paradiso Dupont - while violating the tight spaces that\'s what she said rule, it\'s surprisingly easy to snag a stool with so many people heading to tables. Iron Horse Tavern - excellent happy hour deals, plenty of bar and small table space to chill out. Churchkey - go early for a comfy bar chair. Perfect bartenders for chatting about the beer or not bothering you much at all. Molly Malones - 50-some beers, lots of leather stools, good TVs. Bedrock Billiards - friendly locals, lots of room to find a spot. Fado - yeah it\'s a chain but they have good Guinness and proper football. BombaySplashVermouth Best bars for really getting along alone have a sign that barely lights and the only thing showing is "Ba"r. The bar edge has worn in elbow slots. The duct tape seats are not only grey, but OD green, which shows some old Sargent from the military stopped by and used some tape from his vehicle. A place where there are no last names, and very few real first names. Or a nice lesbian bar. knackers I\'ll second the vote on Churchkey - busy or empty if you get a spot at the bar they look after you good. I have to give a big vote for the Argonaut though always good beers, food is decent, always a seat at the bar, and the beer garden is great on a summer night. Plus I can walk home... Modestproposal1 Thirded, and it also extends to NRG\'s other bars and restaurants one of which, EatBar, is on that list . Rustico in Arlington is my neighborhood bar and the bartenders always treat me well. It\'s one of the few places on earth that I don\'t feel incredibly awkward or out of place when I\'m there by myself. Thankfully that doesn\'t happen too often, but it\'s nice to have that option if I just need to get out of the apartment for a bit. dcissound Yes on Churchkey and also I am super in favor of Galaxy Hut because it is right down the street from the office. Another Arlington place that is no longer around is Kitty O\'Sheas. Damn I miss that place. DCwise if you don\'t need ambience, but want decent beer and some space,Lou\'s City Bar in Columbia Heights is great, especially the half price drafts all day special. I\'ve drank alone at Lucky Bar too while watching big soccer matches, you always make a friend or 5 during those times. Oh, the back bar at 930 or the red room at BC are also great before/after a show, although Red Room gets really crowded later in the night. Lots of fun on off nights though. knackers Big fan of the Red Room, although I disgraced myself there one night by leaving a full pint behind I was too drunk to touch it . Not ready to return yet. Joan Arkham Just wear a wig and dark sunglasses. Kev29 Overlooked that area in my first response, but over on H I really like The Queen Vic for a few at the bar. Very nice people and a chilled out crowd. Kev29 Their beer, which should be a strength, is a bit of a weakness. Tough to get the same well kept ales from the UK on a consistent basis. I wish they would have a couple regulars Guinness, Smithwicks, etc , some rotating harder to find British ales and then some regional cask ales. Heck, Oliver\'s from Baltimore is more English than half the beers supposedly made by the English. http //www.prattstreetalehouse... knackers I want to like the Queen Vic a whole lot more than I do. They hooked me in the first time by having Bombardier on draft, but have never had it on since. While it\'s not at all unfriendly, I\'ve found I get better service when there with a few people than when solo on a quiet weeknight. monkeyrotica I like The Lil Pub because it\'s not sure whether it\'s a straight-friendly gay bar or a gay-friendly straight bar, which is as it should be. slim_pickens #11 on the TBD list is my favorite. http //www.tbd.com/pictures/20... Kev29 "Do you come here hic ... often " Waaahmbulance "Do you come sic here... often " Is That Your Bag "Do you [deleted] here...often " Over the River That\'s what I like about those high school teachers, I\'m not legal but they stay the same age. mirrorballdc Well damn. Why not just bring back Heath Shuler He\'ll be looking for a new job in a few months. Pope Lando When a story is titled "Indy Reporter Says Peyton Manning s Arm is a \'Noodle,\'" it can\'t be good. mirrorballdc And yet, something tells me Danny Boy would have no problem shelling out money for a washed up veteran QB. Though maybe Shanahan can talk him out of it Pope Lando You think anyone can talk Danny out of anything poopieface Let\'s face it, you can\'t Torquemada anything. blog comments powered by Disqus Previous Home send a tip Got something to share Let us know! From tips@dcist.com all our cities one convenient app about staff / advertising / contact Contribute Latest Tip http //www.nbcwashington.com/news/local/DC-Homicide-Investigation-Inside-Bethesda-Fitness-Store-1178 [ more ] Latest Photo CONTRIBUTE NOW! subscribe Use an RSS reader to stay up to date with the latest news and posts from DCist. add dcist Yahoo NewsGator Bloglines Feedster Google Open external links in tabs 2003-2010 Gothamist LLC . All rights reserved. Terms of Use & Privacy Policy .')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00856', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns fb "http //www.facebook.com/2008/fbml"> 46 our cities Austin Chicago London Los Angeles New York City San Francisco Shanghai Toronto Washington DC Morning Roundup Conservative Edition Pennsylvania Senator Addresses Pressing National s Issue In Virginia, Your Home is Your Castle In Virginia, Your Home is Your Castle Photo by NCinDC Though it has always been accepted as common law, yesterday the Virginia House of Delegates passed a measure that officially grants civil immunity to those who use deadly force against intruders, reports the Washington Times . Known as the "Castle doctrine," the measure merely codifies a person\'s right to shoot someone who breaks into their house and not face any legal liability for doing so. During the debate, one Virginia legislator relayed a story of a constituent who had fired at an intruder and was taken to court for doing so as a justification for the law But Delegate Anne B. Crockett-Stark, Wythe Republican, relayed the story of an 82-year old constituent who caught a male burglar in her home one time, held a gun to him, and asked, Do you want to eat breakfast with the devil Ms. Crockett Stark s constituent fired at the intruder as he ran, was taken to court and lost, she said. The story garnered a standing ovation from the crowd. Critics of the measure complained that it was already accepted practice and that the law as written could allow homeowners off the hook for using deadly force indiscriminately. As of last year, some 31 states have similar laws on the books or have established case law governing the use of deadly force in the home, including Maryland. The District is amongst the few jurisdictions in the country with no explicit law on the matter. Contact the author of this article or email tips@dcist.com with further questions, comments or tips. By Martin Austermuhle in News on February 10, 2012 9 30 AM 0 Comments castle doctrine gun legislation virginia Other Interesting Stories Comments [ rss ] cyncity.org We need this in NYC. cminus I think I\'ve found a way around Virginia\'s latest anti-choice initiatives Planned Parenthood house calls! "Yes, officer, I was at home, minding my own business, when I became aware of an uninvited stranger in my house. Fortunately, my gynecologist was visiting, and together we were able to deal with the intruder, although we had to use lethal force. Yes, we\'re fine. Yes, I can describe the intruder. A little over five inches long..." Pete_eats "Yes, I can describe the intruder. A little over five inches long..." Keep Cooch out of Virginia\'s uteri! cminus That was originally "a little over six inches long", but I didn\'t want to give the Cooch too much credit. Is That Your Bag Me okay, not really me, but you get the idea Grandma, you\'ve got a .38 revolver in the nightstand drawer, a .22 in your purse and a 14 gauge in the closet...what the hell are you so afraid of Grandma Not a f cking thing! wizzyliz My brother gave me this tip right before we told his kids "Daddy\'s gone to work on an oil rig." If you end up shooting an intruder just outside your door, drag the body inside. Ollie Pooeater My friend\'s dad was a cop and told us the same thing. DCUnionGuy Over Xmas there was a case in my home state of Pennsylvania involving the recently ammended Castle Doctrine. Guy#1 shot Guy #2 w/ an arrow and killed him after Guy #2 and his brothers threatened Guy #1 with clubs. What I\'m trying to say is, my people will get medieval on your ass. CJ_Scudworth This new doctrine is great news for my plan to mount a kettle of boiling oil on top of my front door. Ollie Pooeater One City! With a Draw Bridge, Horses and Lot\'s of Shiny Armor. DCUnionGuy I believe Barry tried to get Prima Nocta reinstated. I just made myself ill. Pope Lando In Virginia, Your Home Is Your Castle Bloated, Supersized and Underwater McMansion There, fixed it for you. dcissound I understand wanting to protect yourself and if someone breaks in you should at least be able to scare them off with a gun or whatever. What I don\'t understand is if the robber/burglar isn\'t trying to attack you in the story he is running away why would it be ok to shoot him We are talking about personal property vs a human life. If someone is trying to harm you, I understand defending yourself although I think a bat or a hockey stick may be better, but that\'s whatever , but shooting someone who is running away with you with the intent to kill, when their only intention was to steal your jewelry just seems wrong. HillmanDC Quite often someone that breaks into a house rapes the inhabitant. It\'s not just a theft of property. I\'m curious. Have you ever been the victim of a violent crime I have. And I know a woman that was the victim of a home invasion. It\'s astonishingly terrifying. Even if they \'just steal some jewelry\', the sense of violation and fear is profound. And can last for decades afterward. It is, for most, literally a life--shattering event. nntogo I forgot, home intruders mail you a notarized copy of what their intents are days before they break in. Ollie Pooeater Given all the hysteria about gun owners guns more likely to be stolen than used in self defense, do you really want someone out on the street knowing you have a serviceable weapon in your house It almost guarantees a repeat offense. If the person doesn\'t understand, "don\'t fucking move until the cops get here" I\'m not sure "letting someone run away" does anything other than encourage him to case the house better next time. nntogo Source guestymcspanky I\'d have to see some data that show that people who defended their homes with firearms, but didn\'t shoot to kill at fleeing intruders, where more likely to have their homes broken into than people who reflexively shoot to kill, or people who don\'t keep guns in the home, before I\'d believe that restraining from shooting someone "almost guarantees a repeat offense." Such as it is, I\'m not aware of any systematic problem with the current general national standard that requires the assailant be a genuine imminent threat to the homeowner. Ollie Pooeater I couldn\'t even get through your initial statement without a migraine developing; I\'m pretty sure that makes it largely untestable. But it would be an interesting study. dcissound You could always lock your gun up or hide it. I think there is a big difference between worrying about someone possibly coming back to steal your gun and killing someone because you are worried they may attack again. Ollie Pooeater People can\'t argue that a gun is more likely to be stolen and used in a crime on one hand and thus justify not allowing people to own them , and then argue that a thief won\'t be able to steal your gun when you\'re out of the house on the other. Also, you can\'t successfully "hide" a gun, make it useful and make it safe. The three are incompatible. Anywhere you want to "hide" that\'s successful makes it unusable when you need it. DC owners are required to lock their guns at all times if it\'s not under your immediate control and if there\'s anyone under 18 in the house paraphrasing . dcissound Personally, I don\'t think the situation will arise often it enough for this to be a substantial argument. My initial point I wanted to make is I\'m not going to kill people over an attempted theft. That is all. mappo Sometimes, in the dark of night, it\'s hard to tell if that person in your living room is one of those take-your-diamonds-and run-away intruders or one of those duct-tape-you-to-the-bedpost-and-set-the-house-on-fire type intruders. My first instict would be to shoot, not ask their intentions. dcissound The point I was trying to make was that if you figure out their intentions, like in the story, why continue to shoot I guess I\'m just the type of person that doesn\'t want to kill another human being just because they broke into my house. Now, if they start going after you or whatever, I stated I had no problem with it. I would just like to give the people the benefit of the doubt. HillmanDC At what point do you know their intentions And how do you know they don\'t have three of their heavily armed buddies waiting outside the house, waiting to be let in through that very door that the home invader is going to open in a matter of seconds A cop buddy of mine tells me it\'s quite common for people that break into a house to have the \'little guy\' do the initial window break or whatnot, only to have him head back to the front or back door to return with heavily armed backup. And it\'s not unheard of for criminals to get backup immediately to kill someone that saw them break in and could identify them. Under the River "figure out their intentions" Are you going to unload the gun and lock it up just because they told you what you wanted to hear dcissound I\'m sure as shit not going to kill someone for breaking into my house. monkeyrotica How about stealing your hamburgers I\'m asking for...a friend. Robble, robble! St. Move Next time there is a "burgluur" going around breaking into people\'s houses stealing their sound equipment and beer, I think we know it\'s dcissound ... You seem very protective of home invaders. Just kidding... I\'m kidding of course... [keeping an eye on you] monkeyrotica I\'d like to think the lock on my door is a clear indication that I\'m not interested in having my $h!t stolen or my family threatened. And, hey, if I see someone breaking into my car, I\'m no hero. I\'ll call the cops before I start messing with the guy. But if I find you inside my house after dark, I don\'t give a $h!t which direction you\'re running or what your intention is. That isn\'t my problem. St. Move The sort of person who breaks into a house while someone is home is probably one circumstance away from doing something horrific to an innocent person anyway. If you break into a house, you can\'t expect the person in the house to know you\'re "just there for the stuff," and even if you\'re back is turned, you can\'t expect the victim to know you\'re not just going down the hall to get the gimp mask. Intruders should not expect to leave alive. It\'s a key part of the social contract you just don\'t break. Or, err, end up brunching with Satan, or whatever it was. RammyH yes, I was going to post something similar - there is world of difference between an opportunistic burglar who tries to ascertain that a home is empty before entering and burgling and the burglar who breaks into homes in the dead of night knowing full well the house\'s occupants are sleeping. The potential for catastrophe/escalation is huge and that burglar in some way wants that escalation - they can claim they were there for the loot, but once that occupant, adult or child is up and about, the burglar now has opportunity to bind/assault/rape/kill the home dwellers. slim_pickens Fake sleeping is a good method of defense. If the robber has a gun, I\'m a lot less likely to get shot at if I am asleep, than if I am pointing my shaky gun at him and freaking out. ms_last_minute I think about this a lot when I am lying in bed. I would like to hear the stories about fake sleeping actually working out. slim_pickens It\'s been getting me out of all sorts of things for years. monkeyrotica The thing is really nice jewelry is difficult to find, whereas burglars are relatively easy to replace. CJ_Scudworth You know if Betty White did this everybody would think it was hilarious. slim_pickens Everyone is going to be really annoying for like a week when she dies. Pete_eats Twitter Trending Topic!! CJ_Scudworth She died That\'s so adorable! Those crazy old ladies. CJ_Scudworth "Do you want to eat breakfast with the devil Smoke refreshing Morley brand cigarettes, morning, noon and night." http //www.imfdb.org/w/images/... Is That Your Bag I don\'t carry that kind of cash around with me, sweetie. IMGoph Do you want to eat breakfast with the devil meme. got it. monkeyrotica I\'ve heard some pretty funny euphemisms for rimjobs, but I\'m definitely stealing that one. Thanks, Grandma! drkennethnoisewater Tea and cake or death PedanticMFr How do you want your eggs Fried or suffering for all eternity Pope Lando Nah, don\'t feel like Denny\'s today. yetathirduselessaccount Sounds to me like Joan prefers Waffle House. Joan Arkham Rooty, tooty, fresh and evil I\'ll take my hash browns scattered, smothered, covered, chunked, diced, peppered, capped, topped, and damned Fluxgirl Will there be waffles ms_last_minute No, but there will be blood! PedanticMFr Leggo my eggo! http //www.seriouseats.com/ima... slim_pickens HAHAHA! Ew!!! I\'m so doing this. slim_pickens Maybe, but there will definitely NOT be bacon. Wait, we were referring to Jim Graham, right http //dcist.com/2011/11/bacon... SpeakSoftlyCarryABigStick Tell me something, my friend. You ever dance with the devil in the pale moonlight I always ask that of all my prey. I just... like the sound of it. monkeyrotica the law as written could allow homeowners off the hook for using deadly force indiscriminately. I\'m counting on it. CJ_Scudworth My understanding was the "common law" aspect of this doesn\'t include being able to shoot at intruders who are fleeing the scene and presumably no longer a threat. That\'s the important part of the granny story. nntogo That\'s a pretty big presumption. How about "Don\'t break into people\'s houses and expect to not get shot " How about that Dread_Pirate_Roberts Your understanding is correct. It is not highlighted in Austermuhle, Esq.\'s post to the extent it should be. Modestproposal1 Actually they\'re amending it to say that you can shoot an intruder, even one in the process of fleeing that poses no immediate threat, but you have to say a really badass quip right before doing it, otherwise it\'s still illegal. Qwerkie Ezekiel 25 17 http //www.youtube.com/watch v... monkeyrotica I won\'t be happy until I can shoot those f king kids on my lawn. Also Maryland drivers, aggressive pedestrians, lycranauts, pitbull-like dogs, and of course, the CIA squirrels that have been menacing me with their microwave guns. poopieface We need this in DC. DCTransplant We have Emily. monkeyrotica And don\'t forget Power Girl! http //24.media.tumblr.com/tum... Ollie Pooeater I can think of a few things I\'d like to shoot at her. Qwerkie A new wardrobe Sakoku or pants mirrorballdc Because nothing says "justifiable homicide" like shooting a guy in the back as he\'s running away. HillmanDC Incidentally, \'running away\' could just as easily mean \'running out to the getaway car to get three of his asshole friends to come back and gang rape your daughter because you pissed him off by confronting him\'. Dread_Pirate_Roberts And therein lies the difference between the existing common law and this codification. Let the shootouts commence! Pete_eats Can we just extend this whole "property" thing to cars and call it the Grand Theft Auto Act monkeyrotica Agreed. If you\'re going to kill an intruder, shoot him in the f king face. Also, empty the ENTIRE gun into him, people. I can\'t stress that enough. It\'s critical that the judge and jury know you "panicked" and feared for your life. You don\'t want to be the on the wrong end of a lawsuit from the family of an aspiring rapper who was just trying to get his life back together by raping and murdering an old lady. NYDirk The face part is important. That means a closed casket. Qwerkie You might want to delete that comment. It\'s evidence against you. DCTransplant Also, if you don\'t ensure that intruder has completely expired, you risk the chance of him coming back after you once they get out of the hospital. Qwerkie Not in my movie. http //www.youtube.com/watch v... Fluxgirl Someone watched The Sopranos. ms_jlynn But Delegate Anne B. Crockett-Stark, Wythe Republican, relayed the story of an 82-year old constituent who caught a male burglar in her home one time, held a gun to him, and asked, Do you want to eat breakfast with the devil I want to party with her! Qwerkie I hope I\'m able to say something as badass as that one day. ms_last_minute Danny Butterman Where\'s the trolley boy Nicholas Angel In the freezer. Danny Butterman Did you say "cool off " Nicholas Angel No I didn\'t say anything... Danny Butterman Shame. Nicholas Angel Well, there was the bit that you missed where I distracted him with the cuddly monkey then I said "play time\'s over" and I hit him in the head with the peace lily. Danny Butterman You\'re off the fuckin\' chain! PedanticMFr I want to party with this granny! Fluxgirl I read that quickly, and thought it said "white republican". RJ That would have been redundant statement. ms_jlynn She is from Wythe so that\'s probably true. CJ_Scudworth Well then she should be able to shoot whoever she wants! monkeyrotica Oh, you look nervous. Is it the scars You want to know how I got \'em Come here. Hey! Look at me. So I had a grandma. She was beautiful, like you. Who tells me I worry too much. Who tells me I ought to smile more. Who takes up "Internet gaming" and gets in deep with the sharks. One day, they carve her face. And we have no money for surgeries. She can\'t take it. I just want to see her smile again. I just want her to know that I don\'t care about the scars. So... I stick a razor in my mouth and do this to myself. And you know what Grandma can\'t stand the sight of me! She leaves. Now I see the funny side. Now I\'m always smiling! Modestproposal1 That is a f cking great line. DCTransplant +1 That is one cool granny! blog comments powered by Disqus Previous Home send a tip Got something to share Let us know! From tips@dcist.com all our cities one convenient app about staff / advertising / contact subscribe Use an RSS reader to stay up to date with the latest news and posts from DCist. add dcist Yahoo NewsGator Bloglines Feedster Google Open external links in tabs 2003-2010 Gothamist LLC . All rights reserved. Terms of Use & Privacy Policy .')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00857', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns fb "http //www.facebook.com/2008/fbml"> 46 our cities Austin Chicago London Los Angeles New York City San Francisco Shanghai Toronto Washington DC Morning Roundup Conservative Edition Pennsylvania Senator Addresses Pressing National s Issue In Virginia, Your Home is Your Castle Khan, Peterson Set for Rematch Lamont Peterson after his December defeat of Amir Khan at the Washington Convention Center AP Photo/Nick Wass After weeks of out-of-the-ring sparring over the result of their last bout, D.C. native Lamont Peterson and Amir Khan will battle it out again on May 19 in Las Vegas. The Post reports that the two have agreed to re-fight the December match that Peterson won after the a split decision by the judges. Khan wasn\'t willing to let the super lightweight boxing championship belts go so easily, though -- he complained of ring-side shenanigans and filed appeals with two of the sport\'s governing bodies. The controversy reached such a fevered pitch that a D.C. Council committee went so far as to hold a hearing on the issue last week, hoping to head off any damage to the city\'s reputation as a boxing destination. It\'s no surprise, though, that the rematch won\'t be happening here. Regardless of the outcome, it looks like the rematch will be good for both Peterson and Khan -- the Post reports that they\'ll each be taking home $1.5 million just for stepping into the ring. Part of the agreement also stipulates that Peterson\'s next fight after the rematch be in the District. Predictably, Peterson is already talking some good trash. I just want to fight him again because it was a good fight. It s a fight that the fans wanted, so that s just what I m trying to focus on right now, just giving the fans what they want, and once I beat him again, I just don t want to hear his mouth again," he said. Contact the author of this article or email tips@dcist.com with further questions, comments or tips. By Martin Austermuhle in News on February 10, 2012 10 00 AM 0 Comments amir khan boxing lamont peterson las vegas rematch Other Interesting Stories Comments [ rss ] slim_pickens they\'ll each be taking home $1.5 million just for stepping into the ring. I think I just pulled a neck muscle shaking my head. knackers I say good luck to \'em. These two clowns managed to turn a yawntastic pseudo-title fight or is that, title pseudo-fight into a million dollar purse in Vegas and a likely re-rematch in DC. Waaahmbulance Why exactly do you think it will be "yawntastic" Also do you think all boxers are clowns or is there something in particular about these two, your comment was not entirely clear. knackers I guess I meant that I don\'t find either of these fighters worth all the fuss that has been made. I thought the first fight was something of a snoozefest and I predict something similar for the Vegas fight. There have been some excellent junior welterweight champs over recent years - I just don\'t see these guys in the same class. As I said though, good luck to them if they each get a mill and a half for the fight. slim_pickens It is clear that he was referring to the Convention Center fight that already occurred as yawntastic. slim_pickens Did they really have to go through the filing of bs appeals and waste people\'s time to get to what was clearly the intended result for both Hmm...I guess maybe they did. knackers Boxing these days is like wrestling in the 1980s, except less capes. Under the River fewer capes PedanticMFr You know who else liked grammatically correct discussions concerning capes http //www.justpressplay.net/i... Bethesdaist Mandalay Bay road trip, let\'s go!!! Is That Your Bag I got $40 on... blog comments powered by Disqus Previous Home send a tip Got something to share Let us know! From tips@dcist.com all our cities one convenient app about staff / advertising / contact subscribe Use an RSS reader to stay up to date with the latest news and posts from DCist. add dcist Yahoo NewsGator Bloglines Feedster Google Open external links in tabs 2003-2010 Gothamist LLC . All rights reserved. Terms of Use & Privacy Policy .')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00858', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns fb "http //www.facebook.com/2008/fbml"> 46 our cities Austin Chicago London Los Angeles New York City San Francisco Shanghai Toronto Washington DC Morning Roundup Conservative Edition Pennsylvania Senator Addresses Pressing National s Issue In Virginia, Your Home is Your Castle Morning Roundup Still Snowless Edition Photo by Elvert Barnes Good morning, Washington. Hey, wasn\'t it supposed to snow a little yesterday That was kind of a bust. Maybe this weekend Overcoming The Post looks at a pair of federal laws that in recent years have helped battered immigrant women many of whom lacked legal status escape their abusers\' torment. The 1994 Violence Against Women Act and the 2007 law creating the "U visa," which allows assault victims to win legal residency upon helping law enforcement prosecute their abusers, have helped many D.C. area immigrant women who have been afraid that by going to the police they would risk deportation. Counter Counter Just why do so many D.C. coffee shops serve Counter Culture coffee It\'s not because it tastes good in fact, it\'s pretty watery. The City Paper\'s Alex Baca caffeinated her way through many of the at least 25 caf s and restaurants that serve the Durham, N.C.-based roaster\'s beans . She finds that Counter Culture is so ubiquitous largely because of the free training it offers to baristas employed by coffee shops that serve only Counter Culture. Sammy\'s Law The speed limit on Maryland\'s Intercounty Connector is 55 miles per hour, but like the pretender of a Van Halen frontman once said, some legislators aren\'t content to drive at such a turtle-like clip , the Post reports. Montgomery County Sen. Nancy J. King told Maryland\'s transportation secretary she\'s found it "hard" not to push the speedometer into the 60s. Briefly Noted Alexandria medic in critical condition after falling from I-395 overpass ... Recipe for fun Counter-protesters moving in to Freedom Plaza next week ... Just why are Montgomery County\'s Ride On buses so flammable ... Roads near National Institutes of Health and the new Walter Reed to be torn up ... Protective Services Police officials fired after mishandling Occupy D.C. protest last October ... McDonnell to enlist the help of Bush. Jeb Bush . This Day in DCist In 2011, Sen. Jim Webb D-Va. said he\'s a one-and-done kind of guy , and the long, dark journey into TBD\'s night . Two years ago, enough with the snow ; seriously, enough with the snow . Contact the author of this article or email tips@dcist.com with further questions, comments or tips. By Benjamin R. Freed in News on February 9, 2012 9 00 AM 0 Comments morning roundup Other Interesting Stories Comments [ rss ] Over the River Did I ever tell you guys I drink one microwaved 50cl cup of Maxwell House instant coffee, two level tablespoons of sugar, and a shot of Land \'o Lakes half and half in the morning greent6 Ahh Land o Lakes, how I love thee. CJ_Scudworth Yes. You must have really been traumatized by the Great Depression. Over the River Which one BombaySplashVermouth Who pissed off the Snow Goddess BrandName Uhhhhh... something very fishy is going on in the comment section on the protective service thread. Need some investigative reporters mining that shit show. Joan Arkham Oooh, that\'s...interesting. guestymcspanky "Montgomery County Sen. Nancy J. King told Maryland\'s transportation secretary she\'s found it "hard" not to push the speedometer into the 60s." Well, MDOT should install 55mph speed humps then. That should make it easier. Ollie Pooeater That\'s going to make it very pleasurable for MD drivers receiving head at 80 mph. dcissound A little reminder, next week Thursday, Feb 16th is the next DC Commentariat Happy Hour! All are welcome, here are the details Location Harry\'s on 11th and E St Time After work sometime They usually last fairly late, although people start petering off around 9ish. Come for the memes, stay for the inside stories to tease people with the next day. Also, if you want to help choose the location/date/activity for the next HH or just have the ability to contact commenters outside DCist, we have a yahoo group set up which is open to everyone and you can join/leave as you please. To get the information, email me at my username dcissound [at] gmail. Hope to see everyone there! mensan98th Animal hats this time Other props ms_last_minute Dress as your favorite AA ad. CJ_Scudworth PLEATS! mensan98th Nobody wants that. monkeyrotica Did someone say "PANTYTIME " http //media.onsugar.com/files... dcissound Crazy/silly straws. That way we don\'t have to bother with glasses and everyone can use their own straw to drink out of the pitchers of beer. monkeyrotica BYO bags of dildos and jars of urine. DCTransplant You are on it! ms_jlynn David Dise, director of the county\'s Department of General Services says there\'s a big difference between buses that need chronic repair and a bus that\'s unsafe. "Let me put it this way, he said. We don\'t put unsafe buses on the street." Right. Buses that catch on fire are absolutely safe. Bethesdaist Flame on! PedanticMFr David Dise, director of the county\'s Department of General Services says there\'s a big difference between buses that need chronic repair catch fire and a bus that \'s unsafe self-immolates. "Let me put it this way, he said. We don\'t put unsafe buses on the street. These buses are not afraid of martyrdom." Joan Arkham It\'s not a bug, it\'s a feature! cminus Look, do you want the buses heated in the winter or not reporteratlarge Metro already had to close the Dupont Circle station because of escalator problems last night . This looks to be a summer of $# & at that stop. http //www.nbcwashington.com/n... dcissound Red line last night was a cluster-f. I transferred at Metro Center and just left and walked straight to Chinatown as there was a red-line train emptied at MC and then heard that Dupont was closed by the train in the opposite direction. That free transfer between MC and CT needs to come sooner rather than later. DCTransplant Is Santorum Surging .... Discuss. SpeakSoftlyCarryABigStick Santorum was all over Colorado, Minnesota, and Missouri this week. RJ If Romney doesn\'t lick Santorum now, he is really going to see the mud fly. monkeyrotica He\'s certainly come from behind and made a suprising splash among evangelicals and the incontinent. The question remains can he explode from his current back-end position to take a Number Two spot or will he dribble and sputter to the tail of the pack Only time and Lactaid will tell. Pope Lando The Republican nominating process is a frothy mess. monkeyrotica You can pooh-pooh the nominating process all you want, but it\'s designed to squeeze the herd until you pinch out a firm, solid candidate in the end. DCTransplant That\'s what DPR suggested yesterday in order to get Davy DCist back. Pope Lando Counter-protesters at Occupy Pass the popcorn. Kev29 Hope it\'s these two jabrones... http //media.salon.com/2011/11... Kittyliteral Ha! I haven\'t heard that term in years!! Brings me right back to NY, it does... papawest07 I guess Freedom Plaza makes more sense as McPherson is a ghost of its former self. Figures the counter protest would come only after NPS\'s cleaning house. Bethesdaist I walked by Freedom Plaza yesterday and it wasn\'t exactly a hub of activity. Combining protest efforts makes sense. I also had a Swiss Bastard sighting at the Wilson Building -- was going to shout hello, but I didn\'t want to startle him or have him think I was a stalker. CJ_Scudworth I used to see Sommer on my morning commute sometimes. monkeyrotica I still see Aaron loitering in the police station trying to pick up hookers who\'ve made bail. I GOT THERE FIRST, AARON! DCTransplant I\'m actually having withdrawal symptoms from the lack of ODC stories. What\'s happened to those hip young folks at McFURson Are they still there monkeyrotica Last I read, they were trying to form a screenprinting cooperative. CJ_Scudworth The City Paper\'s Alex Baca caffeinated her way through many of the at least 25 caf s and restaurants that serve the Durham, N.C.-based roaster\'s beans. And now she\'s one step closer to that gun! IMGoph that would be interesting. Bethesdaist Ride-On Buses are flammable because Montgomery County is flaming BombaySplashVermouth Smokin\' Hot Ride ADrauglis I like my beer cold, my TV loud, and county buses flammmmming! PutABirdOnIt Perhaps we can get fewer MD drivers here if all their cars and buses set on fire ms_jlynn I wish I could have set fire to the car of the MD driver that almost hit me this morning. mensan98th Give it to us raw and w-r-r-riggling. Qwerkie If I\'m letting you give it to me raw it better not be wriggling. monkeyrotica That\'s what she said! poopieface Just as a note inflammable means flammable. SockPuppet as well as imflamble obs. Qwerkie English! PutABirdOnIt http //www.youtube.com/watch v... Kev29 Ride-on buses are IN famous! http //www.alicia-logic.com/ca... mirrorballdc who knew http //blacksportsonline.com/h... CJ_Scudworth Ass, cash or grass. monkeyrotica I refuse to enrich the coffers of redneck Southern stooges. Drink Swing\'s Coffee or GTFO. They\'ve been roasting locally since 1916, taste like coffee instead of caramel pumpkin buttholes , and are the Official Coffee Providers of both Casa de Monkey and Aaron\'s Award Winning Key Parties. Kev29 I wish I could drink more Swing\'s Coffee - but it\'s easier for me to get to the Blue Mountains of Jamaica than Alexandria. monkeyrotica Whole Foods carries Swings Coffee. Qwerkie Not everyone can afford Whole Foods. Who do you think we are, Ward 5 councilmembers JC "Whole Foods is expensive" is a meme I\'ve never understood. Seems to be propagated by people who haven\'t been to WF in years. Prices are comparable to other supermarkets in the same area. DCTransplant Like @monkeyrotica disqus said, aside from the fancy imported items and organic meats, WF prices are on par with other local grocery stores. Kittyliteral As someone who slums at Giant and Trader Joe\'s, I do think WF is expensive. I go for the oddball ingredients I can\'t find elsewhere like bulk grains -- I bake a lot of bread and when I want a higher quality fresh product. But I rarely leave that store less than $50 lighter. Qwerkie In my experience Whole Foods is the most expensive. They also don\'t have as many coupons available for the products I want. They are the best for produce imo but I won\'t go there unless I have the extra money to spend which is rare. monkeyrotica Like every other grocery, it depends on what you\'re getting. Whole Foods has some good deals on bulk items, pastas, beans and the like. The heavily processed organic items like frozen dinners, and imported gourmet items like cheese, are steeper. I tend to avoid the place more for the customers than the prices, like the legally blind old f kers who have no idea how to navigate their Lincoln Town Cars in a f king garage. Also, if it takes you longer to park you vehicle than it takes for me to take a dump, you need to have your license revoked and be set adrift on an ice floe. poopieface You forgot to report on Emily getting her gun. Pope Lando That deserves its own story. Martin Austermuhle I spoke to her yesterday, have something coming. DCTransplant weather link is broken btw. mirrorballdc Sort of a metaphor for yesterday\'s weather forecast vs reality poopieface If you have something coming, sounds like you did more than just speak to her. AmIrite monkeyrotica Are you threatening us Because I\'m One Step Closer to That Jar of Urine And yes, I do have a concealed carry permit. paulcotton concealed carry colostomy bag Ollie Pooeater Yeah, I have to say CC coffee tastes terrible to me and I couldn\'t figure out why every shop in Capitol Hill had the same awful taste. Now I know why. I like the Mayorga at MarvMark and it\'s brewed 45 minutes away in Rockville. Pound\'s good as well and is a cozier place to hang. I like SoVa, but the caffeine level makes my wife hallucinate. Qwerkie Peregrine coffee is, hands down, the worst brewed coffee I\'ve ever tasted. I\'ve really tried to be hip and like it but gagging while getting my caffeine fix isn\'t a pleasant experience. Ollie Pooeater I thought I was alone. Apparently all the sh I\'ve taken has been CC employees and trainees not actual coffee drinkers. Joan Arkham I\'ve been drinking shitty cafeteria coffee so long, I don\'t think I remember what real coffee is supposed to taste like. guestymcspanky It\'s really the best way to go. Letting your palette get all fancy and sophisticated just leads to daily coffee that doesn\'t really taste better to the drinker than shitty cafeteria joe while costing an ass load more. AndrewInDC It\'s a little out of the way from the normal Capitol Hill circuits, but Lot 38 in the shadow of the Courtyard Marriott, 1st and L SE , has outstanding coffee. Kev29 "How many of those things does the city need anyway " From Monday through Friday - hundreds. Saturday-Sunday - zero. Ollie Pooeater Ah, wrong courtyard Marriott. How many of those things does the city need anyway Ollie Pooeater That\'s the old Pound space right It\'s just a PITA to get to now that you can\'t make the left from FL Ave. and it\'s too far to walk and lacks drop in parking. AndrewInDC Nope - not even close. This is 2 blocks south of Garfield Park, down by the Nats Stadium, not anywhere near FL Ave. Kev29 I drink Mayorga every day. b0tn0t Makes note to self to visit SoVa next time have major project to work on. dues I didn\'t know there was all this pent-up hatred for Counter Culture. I like it just fine. Benjamin Freed Well, then. Best you keep that jar of urine concealed. blog comments powered by Disqus Previous Home send a tip Got something to share Let us know! From tips@dcist.com all our cities one convenient app about staff / advertising / contact Contribute Latest Tip http //www.nbcwashington.com/news/local/DC-Homicide-Investigation-Inside-Bethesda-Fitness-Store-1178 [ more ] Latest Photo CONTRIBUTE NOW! subscribe Use an RSS reader to stay up to date with the latest news and posts from DCist. add dcist Yahoo NewsGator Bloglines Feedster Google Open external links in tabs 2003-2010 Gothamist LLC . All rights reserved. Terms of Use & Privacy Policy .')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00859', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns fb "http //www.facebook.com/2008/fbml"> 46 our cities Austin Chicago London Los Angeles New York City San Francisco Shanghai Toronto Washington DC Morning Roundup Conservative Edition Pennsylvania Senator Addresses Pressing National s Issue In Virginia, Your Home is Your Castle Morning Roundup Conservative Edition Photo by bomble Good morning, Washington. If you why so many well-dressed white guys were aimlessly walking around Woodley Park late this week, it\'s because it\'s time for CPAC , the annual conservative pow-wow. Yesterday we attended a dating seminar for conservatives and lamented that the Cooch didn\'t bring up D.C. rats during a speech. Today and tomorrow should be extra interesting, though -- Occupy D.C. protesters have pledged to protest the conservative gathering , leading to wild allegations of potential violence . We\'ll be there. Corporate Contribution Ban Initiative Moves Forward A proposed ban on corporate contributions to political campaigns in the District is fair game to be put to the voters in the November election, reports the Post. D.C. Attorney General Irv Nathan stated yesterday that the initiative proposed by activists Bryan Weaver and Sylvia Brown would not conflict with the Citizens United Supreme Court case that found that personal political contributions are considered free speech. Weaver and Brown have to gather some 23,000 signatures to get the measure on the ballot; if they succeed and voters side with them in the election, corporate contributions to campaigns and a variety of political committees would be banned. Same-Sex Marriage Debate in Maryland Kicks Off Today Gov. Martin O\'Malley will kick off the debate over whether or not to legalize same-sex marriage today in the Maryland House, writes the Washington Times. At the same time, a Republican lawmaker from Anne Arundel County is expected to propose a constitutional amendment that would define marriage as between a man and a woman. Same-sex marriage made it through the Maryland State Senate last year, but stalled in the House. While O\'Malley is putting more muscle behind the fight this year, it still remains unsure if he has the support to move marriage equality a step further than it did last year. Virginia Closer to Allowing Adoption Agencies to Bar Gay Adoption The Virginia State Senate voted yesterday on legislation that would allow adoption agencies to deny placements based on religious or moral beliefs, reports WTOP. Proponents of the measure say the "conscience clause" merely protects the rights of private adoption agencies, while opponents say it is simply a cover for the state to stop same-sex couples from starting families. After the District legalized same-sex marriage, local adoption agencies similarly complained that they would have to place children with same-sex families; Catholic Charities, which received money from the city and would have to comply, went as far as shutting down its foster care program . Briefly Noted Alexandria paramedic dies after falling from I-395 into Four Mile Run Creek ... Former teammates of University of Virginia lacrosse player recall troubled relationship with girlfriend before she was killed ... Former Fenty official and D.C. Council candidate to lead D.C. school sports office ... WJLA covers polyamorous relationships ...hot! ... Fake Pepco workers show up in Columbia Heights ... No ma\'am, that\'s not permitted on an airplane ... Maryland debates Caylee\'s Law . This Day in DCist On this day in 2011, we discovered that foot photography in Metro is perfectly legal if not creepy and debated the merits of Instant Runoff Voting . In 2010, MPD gave its side of the infamous snowball fight arrest and a Post columnist insisted that men are hard-wired to love shoveling snow . Contact the author of this article or email tips@dcist.com with further questions, comments or tips. By Martin Austermuhle in News on February 10, 2012 9 00 AM 0 Comments morning roundup Other Interesting Stories Comments [ rss ] DonKeysHoTea i thought they were just going to stop adoptions in gay bars BombaySplashVermouth What would be funny is if Beck held his WhiteStock at the same time as the other group the one in town now did. We would need special sunglasses just to walk around, even at night. Kittyliteral Ok, I\'ll say it, although I\'m surprised someone didn\'t mention this already Great photo! DCTransplant I like it, but it\'s very armageddon-sque. Kev29 If you why so many http //www.youtube.com/watch v... System_Error Huntington Represent! slim_pickens Hey @System_Error disqus , have you seen these cupcakes before http //www.janedonald.com/blog... AndrewInDC I don\'t understand the logic behind Weaver\'s ban. An entity in this case a corporation which is obliged to pay all the taxes and fees associated with operating in the District ought to be prohibited from having a voice when it comes time to put people in office who are going to decide what to do with those taxes and fees "Shut up and give me your money" is what a mugger says, not something that belongs in the due process of a representative entity. dude07 A corporation pays taxes and fees to a city/state/municipality in order to operate in a location that will allow them to employ the PEOPLE that they need to conduct their business. These PEOPLE have a voice in putting people into office DC Statehood aside... dcissound You do realize that everyone that works for the corporation can donate individually and can vote correct AndrewInDC I do - you do realize that an individual\'s agenda may in fact differ from a corporation\'s need/agenda Someone may have to support an issue for business reasons that they disagree with in their personal lives. greent6 Why should they get 2 votes to do so Why should they not choose which is most important to them, and vote accordingly That\'s what the rest of us have to do. AndrewInDC As in most things of my life, I recall a lesson from that master of political insight, George Carlin. As Carlin observed churches, a tax-free entity, making quasi-political observations/endorsements and pushing agendas, he retorted "Tax these fuckers. Let \'em pay their admission price like everyone else." - a precept I wholly agree with. By the same token, entities which are already being taxed and thus paying their "admission price" , _ought_ to be able to get a say for positions that affect them as an entity. Individuals should not have to pony up their own money to support positions that their company is taking. You\'re saying it\'s giving them "two votes" - I\'m saying it\'s giving them a vote with the proper voice the corporation\'s. This also goes for unions, grass roots/issue-driven organizations, etc, although the mechanics and arguments are different e.g. - by paying dues they\'re already ponying up their own money to support positions the org takes . Is That Your Bag We are not talking about participation in anything...we\'re talkin\' \'bout...practice. Not a game! Not a game...not a game...we talkin\' \'bout...practice. Not a game. Not..not..not the game that I go out there and die for, and play every game like it\'s my last. Not a game...we talkin\' \'bout practice. I mean, how silly is that We talkin\' \'bout practice , man...what are we talkin\' \'bout We talkin\' \'bout practice! Ollie Pooeater @greent6 disqus Whatever a corporation spends on electioneering, they are still not capable of voting. At the end of the day, it comes down to a human being judging the different messages and making a choice. The problem is, that the IQ and attention span of the average voter is miniscule. They vote for the same thing, same people, because they\'re lazy. If you want to ban privately financed elections, you can do that, but you can\'t effectively ban financed speech nor would you want to. greent6 We are not talking about "participating in the marketplace of ideas". We are talking about corporate contributions to candidates for voting / electioneering purposes. So, a corporation - that cannot vote - can spend untold sums influencing the voting process. And that means a corporation or union or church is provided the means to have more influence on the election than the individual people responsible for participating in it. I am not saying that the citizens United idea of free press/speech for an entity is incorrect. I am saying that corporations should not be allowed to donate money to candidates. greent6 Nope, I am saying Entities are not people. Only people are citizens. Only citizens may vote. Citizens may only vote once. AndrewInDC But we\'re not really talking about voting - we\'re talking about participating in the marketplace of ideas. In that regard, an editorial is a commercial is a movie is an advert is a grassroots organizer going door-to-door with flyers - all of them are pushing agendas and they\'re all driven and funded by a collective action of a freely associated assembly. You\'re arguing that an individual has a right to speak up - but other entities do not, which is interesting but untenable. The reason Citizens United won is because its impossible to legally differentiate between the freedom of speech and press permitted to the general public vice its collective entities - nor should they try. We participate in collective action to do things an individual would otherwise have insufficient wherewithal to do. greent6 Well, as corporations are people now... how the hell did that happen People can\'t choose to marry other people... but a corporation is a person who can give money to candidates and influence elections, yet that corporatin cannot vote. So really, this is just a way to give board members and CEO\'s more than one vote. Reason 114 of why whiskey is my friend. poopieface If they want corporate money out of politics then maybe we should think about having less government involvement in business. Ollie Pooeater Who\'s going to refurbish and rebuild the schools, rebuild the roads, fix DC\'s sewer and runoff problem Are you suggesting that a concerned group of unemployed citizens will rise up and scrape and paint the hallways of their local schools dcissound If corporations violate the law, why do we bring charges against individuals Surely BoA and Citigroup should be in jail for mortgage fraud instead of individual CEOs, CFOs, etc poopieface Sure. Joan Arkham No contraception! No abortion! No adoption! Everyone just...stop having sex. Right now! mighty! VIRGINIA IS SOOOOOOOOOOO FOR LOVERS cminus Everyone just...stop having sex. Right now! Done! Now what Let me know ASAP, because my bedmate looks pretty pissed that I stopped, and I\'m not too comfortable myself. Seriously, this is like the worst game of "Simon Says" ever. Dread_Pirate_Roberts Unless it\'s closeted sex amongst the HOMAHSEXSHUALS. Something tells me that there is a fair amount of that going on at CPAC. Ah, the self-loathing must be grand. wizzyliz Oh, the stories to be told by the Marriott\'s housekeeping department. ms_last_minute I feel like I want to go over there and try and corrupt one of these young men. Find my best Fox News outfit... Bethesdaist Lots of Santorum up in CPAC! Joan Arkham [insert Santorum joke here] Is That Your Bag [insert Santorum [deleted] here] Joan Arkham The "boys" should be able to make rent for months. Good for the economy! ms_jlynn Well I think it\'s still illegal in VA to have sex in any position other than missionary. dcissound It\'s still technically illegal to have sex with your socks on in VA. Fight the power! Is That Your Bag Also still technically illegal to have sex in any position other than missionary in the District...so there\'s that. ms_last_minute That is one I will say should stand...forever! guestymcspanky But what if that ban applies to striped knee high or thigh high stockings I OBJECT! guestymcspanky Yeah, they\'re too young for OTR even. ms_last_minute Those girls do look all of about 14. guestymcspanky Hey! Those are my daughters! shaking fist Kev29 http //www.americanapparel.net... Joan Arkham They actually had to stop enforcing that when the TX sodomy laws got declared unconstitutional but they made sure to keep the laws "on the books" to "send a message". VA is for lovers, indeed. NoVA secession now! mirrorballdc Saw so many future closeted gay leaders of America at the Woodley Park Metro station this morning. Modestproposal1 I\'m pretty sure that if I were to go to Woodley Park and turn on grindr right now my phone would explode. Bethesdaist Do it! Write an article ala Emily on how easy it is to get laid by the closet cases at CPAC. Modestproposal1 Not gonna lie, I\'d love to go there with my camera and just spend a day immortalizing the wharrgarbl on digital film. But alas, I have a job that I actually do in-between comments on DCist. Maybe next year. Is That Your Bag I think you\'re onto something. We should plan an infiltration next year. We\'ll put on our illest fitting navy blue suits and red ties and American flag lapel pins, grindr it up, get the ladies sauced, take lewd photos and put them up online. Same thing for the guys...there\'ve gotta be more than a handful of two-beer Qs at CPAC. Family values rule. monkeyrotica On this day in 2011, we discovered that foot photography in Metro is perfectly legal Truly a great day for DCist\'s perverted photographers. http //topnews.in/law/files/su... Qwerkie NSFW! Pete_eats NSF Sandals! CJ_Scudworth Too far, man. That crossed a line. monkeyrotica No full frontal and you can barely see the toenails. DCTransplant FEET! dude07 No story on Tommy Wells shutting down his CSF Pete_eats I think the council also voted 12-1 to give Tommy Wells a wedgie. Pope Lando Why would any corporation bother to try to buy a DC election Except maybe to open another Denny\'s dcissound What about the taxi companies that were trying to bribe officials Given the new news about the fare hike that includes surcharges, it seems like their money bought them some favor with the council. DCTransplant Those are not corporations. They are small businesses and as such they are allowed to bribe contribute to political campaigns. DCTransplant Why aren\'t there any Denny\'s in NW conspiracy, perhaps, racism, maybe. monkeyrotica Same reason there\'s no Sambo\'s in NW. They suck. http //grouchymuffin.files.wor... dude07 If the Corporate Contribution Ban gets on the ballot, it opens the door for a Republican on the council as I\'m sure the national Republican party/Chamber of Commerce/etc will latch on against it. They may turn out in enough numbers to win an at-large seat. Ollie Pooeater I don\'t think the national GOP wants any part of the dysfunction that is DC. They make more hay using it as a foil for all that\'s wrong with the national Democratic Party. "Oh, hey Utah, if you vote for a Democrat, you\'re going to end up like DC. Is that what you want To be like DC " poopieface If Republicans could really get organized they could win every election in the city. No one votes in the election, just the primaries. So if the GOP came out in full force in November they could easily get a few of their guys in office. Pete_eats I\'m pretty sure the DC GOP is just this guy right now. http //img.photobucket.com/alb... ms_jlynn Same-Sex Marriage Debate in Maryland Kicks Off Today Virginia Closer to Allowing Adoption Agencies to Bar Gay Adoption Perfectly shows the difference between Maryland and Virginia. Modestproposal1 Yep... Pretty impressive tear the conservatives down in Richmond have been on lately. Is there anyone north of the Mason-Dixon here I could shack up with once the cleansing begins I\'m good at keeping the common spaces clean and happy to pitch in on the beer/wine fund. Bethesdaist Come to Bethesda - we\'ve got yoga pants and cupcakes for all! Modestproposal1 Sounds just like Arlington! slim_pickens It is, only with worse drivers and less hate. wizzyliz Hey, I got lost in Clarendon last night. It\'s not the drivers it\'s the roads! slim_pickens Bethesda definitely doesn\'t have a hipster problem. Matthew Lesko hangs out there a lot. Modestproposal1 Hey now, the hate\'s all out in the beyond-land, in the far-far away. Hell, we haven\'t had a murder in over a year that we know of . The only thing worth getting angry about in Arlington is the fact that the douchebag-to-hipster ratio is tilted dangerously in the direction of unmitigated douchebaggery. monkeyrotica Just don\'t get murdered there, otherwise the two Apple Store employees will ignore the $h!t out of you. dcissound Join the rest of the gay-friendly VA expats in DC! Though you have to put up with a corrupt government and inept officials, at least they aren\'t trying to strip away your rights. cminus Obviously it\'s a whackadoodle idea that\'s less plausible than me having a date on Valentine\'s Day, but wouldn\'t it be a great win/win solution for Arlington and Alexandria to rejoin DC Arlington and Alexandria wouldn\'t have to be dictated to/looted by the key-teeth-missing deadbeats that call the shots down in Richmond, while the resulting Arlington-Alexandria-Myopic Little Twits axis would be able to convincingly outvote the Longtime Residents. Bliss! slim_pickens [repeat deletion] wizzyliz It Wasn\'t Entirely Clear slim_pickens One VA human in, 50 DC rats out. Pope Lando Better way to show the difference Cooch vs. no Cooch. Is That Your Bag Ahh, the love of Christ shines brightly within Catholic Charities. Shutting down foster care for all children because a same-sex couple might want to give them a fabulous home; seems like a reasonable reponse. No soup for any of you!! poopieface I hate to say it, but screw the Catholic Church. They no longer contribute anything positive to society. Ollie Pooeater Well, from the beginning they were always being funded by the cities and states that they operated in, to provide those services. "Social Services" were always a cash cow for them. mighty! did they ever hint nobody expects the spanish inquisition Milton bring back the inquisition! ms_last_minute Is it wrong that I don\'t hate to say that slim_pickens I have felt that way since birth, leaving me 100% free of guilt. However, it\'s best to say it to other people who feel the same about it. Or on blogs. knackers The only thing I find objectionable about poopies\' statement is the suggestion that the Catholic Church ever contributed anything positive to society. knackers @OlliePooeater disqus you forgot to add "and fondle their children." slim_pickens @OlliePooeater disqus I do hope you will be able to make it to happy hour next week. Ollie Pooeater By "sponsored" you mean sold people forgiveness from the "sins" they invented, in return for their earthy wealth so they could surround themselves with lavish beauty Joan Arkham They sponsored a lot of really great art and architecture. I guess that\'s pretty much it, though. knackers encourage poopie with only positive reinforcement That statement just made my week. slim_pickens Yeah, I decided to let that one go to help encourage poopie with only positive reinforcement. slim_pickens Don\'t be so hard on yourself. Saying it is my favorite! wizzyliz Polyamorous relationships on sale now in Woodley Park! CJ_Scudworth Is it the second week in February already Joe Flood Open marriage has never looked less sexy. Pete_eats Are you sure about that http //static.guim.co.uk/sys-i... Kittyliteral Where would Newt end up in a game of Fuck-Marry-Kill blog comments powered by Disqus Previous Home send a tip Got something to share Let us know! From tips@dcist.com all our cities one convenient app about staff / advertising / contact subscribe Use an RSS reader to stay up to date with the latest news and posts from DCist. add dcist Yahoo NewsGator Bloglines Feedster Google Open external links in tabs 2003-2010 Gothamist LLC . All rights reserved. Terms of Use & Privacy Policy .')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00860', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns fb "http //www.facebook.com/2008/fbml"> 46 our cities Austin Chicago London Los Angeles New York City San Francisco Shanghai Toronto Washington DC Morning Roundup Conservative Edition Pennsylvania Senator Addresses Pressing National s Issue In Virginia, Your Home is Your Castle Bagged! Five-Cent Fee for Prince George\'s County Fails But There\'s Still Hope Photo by sjshoreman This post has been updated Despite a unanimous vote in support of a five-cent bag fee in the Prince George\'s County Council this week, a Maryland State House committee voted the proposal down yesterday. The Post reports that the widespread support shown on the council did not extend to the Prince George\'s County delegation to the State House, causing the measure to fail The bill needed broader support from the Prince George s House delegation county affairs committee to win approval but fell short on a 3-2 vote. Prince George s Dels. Carolyn Howard and James Proctor, both Democrats, voted no. Voting for the measure besides Frush were Dels. Jolene Ivey and Justin Ross. Del. Veronica Turner D was absent. The measure can come before the panel two more times, and the full delegation could take it up even without the panel s endorsement. What provoked the opposition Lobbying from plastic bag manufacturers and concerns that the fee would hurt low-income residents. Both the District and Montgomery County have imposed five-cent bag fees, and Maryland is considering a statewide measure doing the same. But without Prince George\'s County onboard, it\'s unclear whether or not it will pass. UPDATE, 11 30 a.m. Not all hope is lost, though! People with knowledge of the issue note that another vote is coming, and the House committee could eventually vote for the bag fee. "Saying the bill is dead is simply not true. That 3-2 vote was in favor --we just needed 4 votes to get the stamp of approval from County Affairs. It still can move forward without that approval, and it gets another chance to get the approval next week. Perpetuating the idea that the bill is dead is really hurting our effort," wrote Julie Lawson of the Anacostia Watershed Society in an email. Contact the author of this article or email tips@dcist.com with further questions, comments or tips. By Martin Austermuhle in News on February 9, 2012 11 00 AM 0 Comments bag fee maryland plastic bag fee prince george\'s county Other Interesting Stories Comments [ rss ] slim_pickens Here\'s another interesting look at how the bag manufacturers react to this -- by going after a reusable bag company. http //www.nytimes.com/gwire/2... PutABirdOnIt Some days, my brain hurts from this stuff. IMGoph every day my brain hurts from this stuff. it\'s disheartening when you reach the point in your life where you realize that stupidity wins the day more often than not. ADrauglis Between this and the taxi cab post there\'s been a lot of loose talk today about how I should handle my bag. If I am I getting this correctly, the cabbies want to charge extra to put my junk in the trunk, and PG wants a nickel every time I go shopping without it Over the River I own petroleum company\'s stock, not Prince George\'s County stock. That is where my loyalties are. wizzyliz It\'s a good thing that PG and DC don\'t share a river. Shiba Fussa Have they done a study in DC to see if it has hurt poor people What kind of perks can a plastic bag company provide for lobbying services Are they into S&M tricks monkeyrotica The problem isn\'t a legislative one, it\'s a financial one. PG County has yet to figure out how to monetize suffocating its residents with plastic bags. I suggest they start with the drivers. DCTransplant The problem is that they\'re using a high number of $6.6 million for Value of Statistical Life VSL . Reduce that and bam! bag tax pays for itself. mensan98th I came here to ask if it failed because the children are our future, but I see the answer is in the writeup. srfrjulie Actually, it\'s not dead. Note the last sentence of the Post\'s quote. monkeyrotica Without Jack Johnson around, they couldn\'t figure out how to turn a crooked profit. Also, PG County has long been at the beck and call of the hoboerotic asphyxiation lobby. Ask anyone who grew up in "Boo-ee." blog comments powered by Disqus Previous Home send a tip Got something to share Let us know! From tips@dcist.com The day\'s most popular stories from DCist every evening in your inbox from our newsletter. EMAIL required about staff / advertising / contact subscribe Use an RSS reader to stay up to date with the latest news and posts from DCist. add dcist Yahoo NewsGator Bloglines Feedster Google Open external links in tabs 2003-2010 Gothamist LLC . All rights reserved. Terms of Use & Privacy Policy .')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00861', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns fb "http //www.facebook.com/2008/fbml"> 46 our cities Austin Chicago London Los Angeles New York City San Francisco Shanghai Toronto Washington DC Morning Roundup Conservative Edition Pennsylvania Senator Addresses Pressing National s Issue In Virginia, Your Home is Your Castle Popcorn & Candy Food and the Future Edition DCist\'s highly subjective and hardly comprehensive guide to the most interesting movies playing around town in the coming week. -- New York, 1980, as seen in Just Imagine. Things to Come The City Imagined on Film What it is The future of the city as seen at the movies. Why you want to see it City living has been the stuff of mankind\'s dreams and nightmares, depending on the vision. In conjunction with the National Building Museum exhibit Unbuilt Washington , the AFI presents futuristic visions of the city as both Utopian dream and cautionary tale. The series begins Saturday with Just Imagine 1930 , a song and dance movie set in a New York where air travel replaces cars and humans are known by numbers. Maureen O Sullivan, also known as Mrs. Tarzan and Mia Farrow s mother, stars as LN-18. Forgotten vaudeville star El Brendel plays a man who died in 1930 only to waken in a strange new world 1980. One of the film\'s most chilling predictions is remarked upon in a 1930 New York Times review It is set forth that in 1980 New Yorkers were still expecting to have light wines and beer. Future titles in the series include Metropolis , with live accompaniment by the Alloy Orchestra Feb. 24 , the 132-minute cut of Terry Gilliam s Brazil Feb 25, 28, and March 1 , a return engagement of Jacques Tati s masterpiece Playtime March 3 and 4 alas, not in 70mm , and the cult classic Logan s Run March 31, April 1, 4 and 5 . View " The Drinking Song " from Just Imagine . Saturday February 11 at 2 45 at the AFI. -- Cyd Charisse and Gene Kelly. Singin in the Rain What it is One of the all-time great musicals, and one of the greatest movies about the movies ever made. Why you want to see it Oscar favorite The Artist pays homage to the age of silent movies, but is there a better movie about silent movies than Singin in the Rain Don Lockwood Gene Kelly is a silent star threatened by the onset of the talking picture and the demands of diva Lina Lamont the hilarious Jean Hagen . It s the fluffiest of entertainments, from the exuberant singing and dancing of its stars to the vibrant colors and fluid camerawork. But for all that thrilling artifice and surface decoration, the movie is finally about the kind of inspiration that makes one sing in the rain -- and about the creative process. Stop suffering and write that symphony. View the trailer . Feb 10-12, 14 and 16 at the AFI. -- Gloria Grahame and Humphrey Bogart. In a Lonely Place What it is Valentine s Day counter-programming in the AFI s Nicholas Ray series Why you want to see it I was born when you kissed me. I died when you left me. I lived a few weeks while you loved me. These oft-quoted lines from Nicholas Ray s great film noir sum up its doomed love story. Dixon Steele Humphrey Bogart is a screenwriter whose volatile temper would get him into trouble even if he wasn t suspected of murder. Laurel Grey Gloria Grahame is the neighbor who falls for him despite his deep seeded anger. But can she trust him Tense relationships behind the scenes informed the action onscreen Ray\'s marriage to Grahame was falling apart, and the couple would separate during the making of the film. Bogart\'s friends recognized the violent demons of Dixon Steele as an extension of the actor himself. For more Nicholas Ray this weekend, the AFI is showing Born to be Bad Feb. 12-15 , starring Mel Ferrer and Robert Ryan in a catty tale of class consciousness that the AFI likens to All About Eve . For more Bogey, see him pair up with Katherine Hepburn in John Huston s The African Queen Feb 10, 12 & 13 , in the AFI s Screen Valentine s Series. View the trailer . Sun-Mon February 11-12 and Wednesday-Thursday February 15-16 at the AFI. -- Noodles and a Movie at the Freer What it is A celebration of Taiwan s food culture and film. Why you want to see it Ring in the Chinese Lunar New Year with food and film at the Freer. Guest Chef Hou Chun-sheng, winner of the 2011 Taipei Beef Noodle Soup Competition, will serve his staple dish before a screening of Eat Drink Man Woman . The title of Taiwan native Ang Lee s 1994 film may sound like something the Incredible Hulk would say, all the more apropriate when you remember Lee\'s ill-received sensitive superhero Hulk . In this early film Lee looks at the family and food dynamic of a group headed by an elderly chef. View the trailer for Eat Drink Man Woman . Wednesday February 15 at 6 pm at the Freer. Free. -- \'Wild Life." Directed by Amanda Forbis and Wendy Tilby. Produced by Marcy Page and Bonnie Thompson. Photo taken from the production. 2011 national Film Board of Canada. All rights reserved. Oscar Nominated Shorts What it is Homework for the February 26 telecast. Why you want to see it This weekend Landmark E Street and the West End Cinema give the dedicated Oscarphile a chance to see all the nominated short films. Everybody knows the Academy loves to honor Big Inspirational Pictures. This plays out on the small scale as well, with three of the nominees for animated short feature larded with the kind of swelling music the orchestra launches into when talky winners are hurried off the stage. Standard bearer Pixar s "La Luna" may offer the loveliest imagery among the animated nominees, but the sentiment that skirts the edge of maudlin in their feature films dives fully into it here. I hope the Oscar goes to the painterly technique and dry humor of "Wild Life." E Street also screens the nominated live action shorts, while West End Cinema fields Oscar Nominated Documentary Shorts. View the animated shorts " Wild Life ." Oscar Nominated Animated and Live Action Shorts opens at E Street. Oscar Nominated Documentary Shorts opens at the West End Cinema . Contact the author of this article or email tips@dcist.com with further questions, comments or tips. By Pat Padua in Arts & Entertainment on February 9, 2012 10 30 AM 0 Comments movies popcorn & candy Other Interesting Stories Comments [ rss ] Over the River Things to Come is one of my favorites. PedanticMFr The 1936 movie I happened to catch it on Turner Classic Movies back in December. I really enjoyed the beginning and found it oddly prescient. Mr. T in DC Deep-seated. Over the River I responded to you on your NCinDC comment. monkeyrotica Cyd Charisse FEET! Over the River ...and the cult classic Logan s Run March 31, April 1, 4 and 5 . Happy Hour! blog comments powered by Disqus Previous Home send a tip Got something to share Let us know! From tips@dcist.com The day\'s most popular stories from DCist every evening in your inbox from our newsletter. EMAIL required about staff / advertising / contact Contribute Latest Tip http //www.nbcwashington.com/news/local/DC-Homicide-Investigation-Inside-Bethesda-Fitness-Store-1178 [ more ] Latest Photo CONTRIBUTE NOW! subscribe Use an RSS reader to stay up to date with the latest news and posts from DCist. add dcist Yahoo NewsGator Bloglines Feedster Google Open external links in tabs 2003-2010 Gothamist LLC . All rights reserved. Terms of Use & Privacy Policy .')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00862', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns fb "http //www.facebook.com/2008/fbml"> 46 our cities Austin Chicago London Los Angeles New York City San Francisco Shanghai Toronto Washington DC Morning Roundup Conservative Edition Pennsylvania Senator Addresses Pressing National s Issue In Virginia, Your Home is Your Castle Baggage Surcharge for Taxicabs Reinstated in Fare Proposal Photo by Chris Reif The D.C. Taxicab Commission announced yesterday that it would restore a baggage-handling surcharge that it had originally removed from a fare increase proposal that will likely take effect in the coming months. Under the current fare structure, riders can be charged 50 cents for every bag above and beyond a first one, which rides for free, while trunks cost $2 each. As part of a fare increase proposal presented by the commission in December, per-mile rates would increase from $1.50 to $2.16, but most of the existing surcharges would be scrapped -- including the baggage and trunk surcharges. That news angered many drivers , who claim that the only thing sustaining them is those very surcharges. At yesterday\'s hearing, Commissioner Ron Linton said that he had taken into consideration driver and rider comments in reinstating the baggage fee. The new fee won\'t apply to bags of groceries, purses or similar type bags, and Linton said it would only apply to bags that are physically handled by a driver. The trunk surcharge remains out of the new proposal. Linton also reinstated a $1 additional passenger charge, but only for vans, and allowed drivers the means to gain an exemption to a rule that allow passengers to carry small animals with them, but only if the driver can show proof of an allergy. Additionally, the commission included a $15 flat fee to metered rates during snow emergencies; currently, a cab driver can charge 125 percent of the regular fare during a snow emergency. The amended fare increase proposal will again be published in the D.C. Register, where it will be open to 30 days of public comment. Contact the author of this article or email tips@dcist.com with further questions, comments or tips. By Martin Austermuhle in News on February 9, 2012 9 30 AM 0 Comments baggage cab fares surcharges taxi taxicab taxicab commission Other Interesting Stories Comments [ rss ] HillmanDC I thought the new rates were supposed to be contingent upon the much -needed improvements, like newer cars, GPS, etc. Does this mean what I think it does Higher rates and no improvements BombaySplashVermouth Ingrates. They got what they wanted and now they get more. Jaynuze wait a minute ... are you talking about the taxi cab commission or DC Council members. I\'m so confused Joe Flood Never ever in my entire life have I seen a DC cabbie get out of his car to put a bag in the trunk. Every other city, yes. DC, no. Jaynuze "The D.C. Taxicab Commission announced yesterday that it would restore a baggage-handling surcharge" ... analogous to "Dictator allows free election ... then appoints self as President". What a crock ... enjoy your campaign money Gray. Kev29 Obligatory... http //images.icanhascheezburg... wizzyliz How much for my ex-husband in the trunk I\'ll definitely need help getting him in there. paulcotton We\'re slacking -- YAY GARY! InevitablePalsy The Taxicab Commission giveth, and the Taxicab Commision taketh away. Seriously, is anyone surprised The Commission "We\'re raising rates but getting rid of surcharges! It\'s win-win!" DC /scratches head The Commission "We\'re raising rates and keeping the surcharges! After all, our medical school isn\'t going to pay for itself!" DC /sigh Ollie Pooeater And around and around we go, where we\'ll end up, everybody knows. D_Rez Why, yes. Let\'s introduce additional complexity and ambiguity into the fee structure for a service used by many visitors. What could possibly be wrong with that DCTransplant If I\'m going to get charged for bag handling, then I\'ll will make damn sure that the cab driver gets off his ass and handles my bag. I feel dirty just having said that! ms_last_minute I have NEVER had a cab driver get out of the cab to help me with my luggage. It is a chore to get them to press a button and open the trunk. St. Move When the charge was in effect, I would just say "get my bags" and sit in the back seat as if I were a royal. It seemed justified for $2 a bag. If this new fee means they will charge me $.50 for a backpack, or laptop bag in the seat with me, then I will drop it on the curb and force them to hand it to me while I clean my monocle. guestymcspanky And tap on the plexiglass with your walking stick DCTransplant While I sit back and enjoy my Grey Poupon! http //web.me.com/leegarfinkel... monkeyrotica http //memecreator.net/the-mos... guestymcspanky While I proposition street walkers, tell stupid jokes, drink my scotch and enjoy the soft rock tunes of Christopher Cross. http //www.youtube.com/watch v... IMGoph the fee will be abused. count on it. Shiba Fussa I think if they just look at a bag the surcharge is added JC Hey - crack journalism team, what is the "new fee" for luggage under the proposed structure That seems to be the most important detail in this story, but I can\'t find it anywhere. Thanks in advance. IMGoph attention, martin , i think this comment was for you. JC Yes, sorry. I just used you as a hook because you made the first comment and I needed visibility. IMGoph smart man, i often do the same Dread_Pirate_Roberts In other news, water is wet! Kev29 . blog comments powered by Disqus Previous Home send a tip Got something to share Let us know! From tips@dcist.com all our cities one convenient app about staff / advertising / contact Contribute Latest Tip http //www.nbcwashington.com/news/local/DC-Homicide-Investigation-Inside-Bethesda-Fitness-Store-1178 [ more ] Latest Photo CONTRIBUTE NOW! subscribe Use an RSS reader to stay up to date with the latest news and posts from DCist. add dcist Yahoo NewsGator Bloglines Feedster Google Open external links in tabs 2003-2010 Gothamist LLC . All rights reserved. Terms of Use & Privacy Policy .')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00863', 'lang "en"> About Help Pin It Button Copyright Careers Team Blog Login Close Add Pin images from any website as you browse the web with the Pin It button . Add a Pin Upload a Pin Create a Board Close Repin Next Prev Create Describe your pin Type @ to mention people, $ or to add price. Pin It Close Repin Repinned to . Shared with your followers. See it now . Close Add a Pin Find Images http // Next Prev Create Describe your pin Type @ to mention people, $ or to add price. Pin It Close Upload a Pin Next Prev Create Describe your pin Type @ to mention people, $ or to add price. Pin It Close Create a Board Board Name Select a Category Architecture Art Cars & Motorcycles Design DIY & Crafts Education Film, Music & Books Fitness Food & Drink Gardening Geek Hair & Beauty History Holidays Home Decor Humor Kids My Life Women\'s Apparel Men\'s Apparel Outdoors People Pets Photography Print & Posters Products Science & Nature Sports Technology Travel & Places Wedding & Events Other Board Category Who can pin Just Me Me + Contributors Add Create Board Close Email This Pin Recipient Name Recipient Email Message optional Send Email Close Embed Pin on Your Blog px Image Width px Image Height Close Report Pin Why are you reporting this pin Nudity or Pornography Attacks a group or individual Graphic Violence Hateful Speech or Symbols Spam Other Please write a little about why you want to report this pin. Report Pin Is this your intellectual property Request an Invite Login Pinterest is an online pinboard. Organize and share things you love. Tweet > Embed BooksAreTheNewBlack Also from thanksimadeitblog.com Penguin Books via Hannah Smith Repinned 7 hours ago From thanksimadeitblog.com Like Repin Clutches made from hardcovers #booksarethenewblack Repinned from My Style by Hannah Smith Madhulika Sikka Delectable Login to Comment Likes Repins Allison Haley onto DIY projects Rebecca Alms onto My Style Haley Petcher onto Book Nerd Central Mary Keutelian onto Books! Patricia Searl onto After the eBook Myrna Foster onto Project Ideas Brianna Hatcher onto Books Brianna Hatcher onto Clothing & Such Clare onto Charming Lydia Hirt onto Paper 3 +21 more repins')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00864', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns og "http //ogp.me/ns#" xmlns fb "http //www.facebook.com/2008/fbml"> Freshome Best Of Apartments Architecture Bedroom Furniture Ideas Kitchen Living Room Bathroom Previous J Next K Home Previous story Next story Share Email Print Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Facebook Creating a Happy, Healthy & Harmonious Home Using Feng Shui Interior Design http //bit.ly/zz4SlK As many of you will be aware, Feng Shui is the study and analysis of the interaction between people, buildings and the environment, and can be used to enhance our quality of life. According to Feng Shui experts, the atmosphere, or chi, of a building and its close surroundings have an influence upon our life patterns and outcomes. By getting the Feng Shui in our homes right, we are able to create a supportive environment that can help us to succeed and flourish in our homes and work spaces. But how exactly does Feng Shui work and what is the best way to go about creating a happy, healthy and harmonious home using Feng Shui In order to answer these questions we consulted Feng Shui Master Sarah McAllister , who founded the UK-based Feng Shui Agency back in 2003. Sarah has 14 years Feng Shui experience and a number of prestigious UK and international Feng Shui projects in her portfolio and is founder of the first Chue Feng Shui school to be accredited by the Feng Shui Society UK . She has been very influential in introducing Feng Shui to the more conventional and mainstream of society rather than the more new age audience that it is readily associated with. Can you please start by telling us about the Feng Shui Agency SM. This is a unique company established by me in 2003, incorporated in 2005 with a dual focus on both Feng Shui design/consultancy and teaching. We are recognised as the first Feng Shui Interior Design and Feng Shui Architecture company in the UK and we are based in London and Oxford. We have clients from all over the world and increasingly work internationally including places like Moscow, Tokyo, Milan and Dubai to name but a few places we have projects. We have also established the Feng Shui Agency Chue Style School , which reflects the fact that we practice and teach mostly Chue Style Feng Shui , which has a lineage all the way back to the Imperial Courts of China. I am the main Feng Shui consultant and work closely with other Feng Shui expert colleagues as demand requires. I have personally fully trained a few graduates to represent me on smaller jobs as required. I like to keep flexibility in the team, so I currently do not employ anyone. But I do have a couple of great interior designers and architects who help me as the need arises on those projects requiring full architectural or interior design. The business is highly mobile and once we have done the first site visit we can work from anywhere in the world, depending on the follow up requirements of each individual project. Some projects need regular site visits and other commissions can be carried out remotely. You established the Agency in 2003, but how did you first become interested in Feng Shui SM. I first became interested in Feng Shui at the age of 14, possibly even earlier as I was always the kid lingering the longest in nature and zoning out in a meditative space. I used to regularly re-arrange my bedroom, trying out new positions for the bed and lighting etc. My father used to teach Judo in his spare time, so I was on the mats in the dojo from about age four and at home were plenty of books on Judo, Tai Chi and Karate. I also learned Wado Ryu Karate and Wing Chun Kung Fu as a hobby. I was immersed in Eastern principles from very young age. What do the words Feng Shui actually mean and where does it originate from SM. Feng means wind and Shui means water and this relates to both the physical masses of water lake, ocean, river etc and the winds, but is also a metaphor for earth energy water and heaven energy wind moving on and around the planet we inhabit. Lets face it, the world is an organic being, not just a map which we walk, drive, eat and sleep upon! I think the green movement has been wonderful for Feng Shui as people are realising now more than ever how the world is sentient and interconnected and how we treat our space directly affects us. The idea with Feng Shui is to gather the energy for our health and happiness and activate or disperse it gently with the wind. Where you find water you will find life and the heaven energy is also held by the water wind slows down when contacting water. Architects I have worked with have acknowledged the power of water as they understand how it emits negative ions, which attract the human energy field, and why many people feel happier after a shower, a thunder storm with rain etc as the water has a cleansing and revitalising effect. Can you describe the purpose of Feng Shui SM. Originally Feng Shui was used primarily for health, as it is one of the 8 Brocades of Chinese Medicine including Acupuncture, Meditation, Herbalism, Nutrition, Tuina Massage, Tai Chi & Chi Kung and Astrology. Originating mostly in rural China by farmers who needed to understand nature to give them the best chance of successful crops, the knowledge was then perceived by the travelling scholars who brought it back to the Imperial Courts of China where astrologers, astronomers and political advisors started to develop the rudimentary systems and sought to use it to help the Emperor s rule. Over the years it then became popular in business and politics and no one can argue about the enormous success of Hong Kong as a financial capital, and this is very much based on Feng Shui. Although, Feng Shui originated in China, it is universally applicable and does not require people to understand Chinese folklore, in fact, there is still a group of Feng Shui consultants throughout the East that perpetuate superstitious nonsense because they haven t had the right training. They don t help the public relations of the industry and of course the press love to pick up on the failings of these people. How can incorporating the principles of Feng Shui into our homes help us to live a better life SM. Feng Shui is not just about techniques to try to master a situation and improve your fortune, but at a deeper level it is also about your soul and its journey. It isn t just about how to maximise your luck all the time for your own gain, but it is also about asking yourself how you can contribute to the world. For example, it could be that a high ranking official asks my advice on his or her horoscope and I say that actually they would be happier as a yoga instructor or whatever the situation that is a stereotypical example! If clients can engage with the deeper thread of what is being offered then I can support them and their families over years rather than one off consultations. This is my preferred business model as it rewards me for being extra committed to them and it rewards the client because they have access to wonderful knowledge and our able to implement the knowledge more often in their lives. Your services can help people create a space that is entirely customised to their own unique energy constitution, from the colours on the walls to the layouts of the rooms, materials and orientation of beds, desks, sofas etc. How do you go about discerning somebody s energy constitution And how does this relate to the layout and colour scheme of their house SM. Each one of us has a unique blueprint and there are many factors that go into an assessment, but it is primarily the year, month, date and hour of birth, which creates the Ba Zi Four Pillars horoscope . This provides astonishingly accurate detail on a person s ability to marry, conceive, have a good career, be healthy and wealthy, have personal and official power etc. Most of life s issues and concerns can be seen in the horoscope through the interplay of the Five Elements of Water, Wood, Fire, Earth and Metal. We then take this information and where possible combine it with the Feng Shui readings, so that the clients sleep in the best room, face the best way when working from home etc. This is a good place to point out that many people can and will do well whatever position they sleep or work in, and Feng Shui must not be considered the be all and end all! It is simply a tool to use if a client wishes to maintain or improve upon their existing success by tapping in to this wisdom. Or it can help someone who seeks our advice because life isn t going how they want it and they keep on having persistent bad luck, bad health or they are unhappy in this case we look to alleviate unnecessary suffering by figuring out if their Feng Shui is hindering them or not. I make it very clear from the point of enquiry that Feng Shui accounts for approx 30% influence on your overall luck levels and that it isn t a cure all and I don t profess unrealistic benefits. I also adopt a very supportive coaching style so that the clients don t feel neurotic about their space! Many have contacted me as they have read a few books and I quite often reassure them about certain aspects of their home. It goes to show that reading a book can turn people into armchair practitioners for whom a little knowledge is dangerous! Your company offers a consultation service giving practical advice helping people to improve the Feng Shui in their homes. What analysis methods do you use during your consultation process and what are the most common problems that you come across SM. We start outside, having a look around the immediate area for problematic or supportive features in the nearby environment such as pylons/power plants/excessively tall trees etc and figure out if these are affecting the client s property and if a cure needs to be put in place, which would then be worked out in conjunction with other exterior techniques I aim to achieve one action for three reasons or one suggestion for three results because Feng Shui takes a truly holistic look at the property. Then we move inside and meet the client, having already figured out how the physical form is affecting the property. Following a quick chat with client during which we reestablish their goals and how I can help, I start at the back of property and look again at exterior influences as these are 60% of the influence on a property with a garden. Only once I have received an instinctive impression of the property and the client will I then proceed to the measurements taken with the Chinese Lopan Compass like any other compass it aligns to magnetic north, and is much more accurate than a mobile phone app compass. The orientation of the property tells us certain information based on specialist techniques. The most common problems that I m brought in to help with are relationship issues, bickering, kids and adults sleeping poorly, feeling drained, career confusion, lack of clients, poor health, or kids getting into trouble at school with authority figures or peers. Also people like to get me involved when they move to a new house or office with our Property Selection Service and when they are building a new building or refurbishing/extending an existing one. They want to get off on the right foot and if spending 100,000+ on a refurbishment, of course they want to make sure the colours and layouts and landscaping are Feng Shui optimised so they don t have to redo everything. Businesses also contact me to seek advice on finding a good new office premises. Are there any rooms in the house that are more important to get right and if so why SM. Realistically, you need only concern yourself with spaces where you or your family spend a significant amount of time like the bedrooms, home study and kitchen. I am a strong believer that Feng Shui needs to be practical in its application and I seek to support clients in understanding the important solutions and recommendations and that they need not worry about every last tiny detail of a space. Can you please tell us about a project you have worked on recently that you considered to be most interesting and why was that SM. In November I started advising on an Ecobulid project near Bath in Wiltshire in the UK, which was quite challenging because the designs had already been approved by local planners and even though I proposed some changes to see if the designs could be approved, it would have involved a lot of architectural re-drawing, so the client just accepted that I would try to fix any problems without too much upheaval to the design. I worked hard to find solutions that could be implemented to improve the Feng Shui. The site was on a level plateau, which then sloped away quite steeply so I suggested a Flowform water feature to help keep the chi from dropping away and also to activate a good double mountain as we call it in terms of directions. I also had to find places for the extensive external art collection of the client ranging from ironcast lions to coloured glass panels and a Degas ballet dancer. I also advised placing an uplit Buddha towards the rear of the property. Internally, I managed to get the front door changed to a better angle and changed from double doors to single and to get the right colours in the interiors white or white with hint of green. I also insisted on changes to the shape of the artist studio outhouse which would otherwise have been very detrimental to the woman wanting to work in it. I also helped design the reflection pool just outside the living area, which will look stunning and suit a Feng Shui purpose too. It was an interesting project because it challenged me to be creative in my solutions to what was quite a fixed situation and it was gratifying that the clients, interior designer and architect, who were all very open and positive about Feng Shui. Ideally I would have been commissioned at the very outset, but some positive changes are better than none at all I am an optimist essentially. For people living in rental accommodation where drastically modifying the layout of the house is not an option, how else can the principles of Feng Shui be used to create a positive environment within the house SM. People renting can commission a property selection service so that they are signing up for a property that suits them from a Feng Shui perspective if this is the case then what they do inside is less important because the main frame of the accommodation suits them. They can also position freestanding items such as lights, statues if appropriate, not in case of Muslim clients , plants, beds, desks etc, so that they are at least benefiting as much as possible even if they can t repaint the room or afix things to walls etc. Obviously they are more limited than homeowners but can still benefit from the advice of an expert. I don t advocate DIY Feng Shui as it is potentially dangerous. Not everybody can afford to hire a Feng Shui Consultant or get advice from a professional such as yourself. What can people do to learn more about the benefits of Feng Shui and how it can help improve both their homes and their lives SM. Feng Shui is not a self-help or DIY topic, as it is so deep and complex, so people can gain only very limited skill through reading a few books in their free time. More often than not, books cause people confusion and despair! The heart of Feng Shui is mastering natural energies, therefore it is exceptionally powerful, which is why the best professionals train for many years to master the skill and are continually learning more. There is both a scientific and method based aspect and also intuition that develops and refines over years of experience. If people can afford holidays, nice handbags etc then they can save towards a consultation, it is just a question of priorities and their ranking of values. For those in genuine financial hardship, we offer student consultations where I visit a home or office with my students to allow them practical experience in a real life situation. The host benefits from the feedback from the students plus I give some more advanced advice if I deem it necessary to help them. What are your top Feng Shui dos and don ts SM. DOs Do consult with a Feng Shui expert BEFORE applying for planning permission or working with an architect as only minor changes can be made once planning has been approved. Do keep your front garden clear of debris and keep seasonal flowers in tubs year-round. The front of a property is the face keep it pretty. Keep the front door of a building shiny and new polish door furniture to a shine the door is the mouth of chi so it needs to be well maintained. When looking for a new home try to find one with a good view at the front and a quiet settled energy at the back there are exceptions to this but it is a good start. Do use full spectrum bulbs in work areas and kitchens as their light is so much healthier. DON TS Don t ignore the characteristics of the surrounding area when designing a new build. Don t consider Feng Shui as only applying to interiors. It is mostly about the exterior and the shape of house. The interiors come second once the shape and orientation has been considered properly. Don t use too much black and red together as an interior theme as it can cause male/female arguments. Avoid overly stimulating colours in a bedroom such as red and orange as these are not conducive to sleep and relaxation. If you need spice in the bedroom, go to a Las Vegas hotel for a weekend! Don t place large amounts of water in your design internal or external without consulting a Feng Shui expert. What would you say to the sceptics who believe that Feng Shui is a load of nonsense SM. Don t ridicule something that you haven t tried or haven t studied in depth. They would be advised to remember that quantum physicists are proving time and time again that the ancient beliefs from many indigenous peoples that were previously considered superstitious or primitive, are now being shown to be very sophisticated and correct. It is actually astoundingly simple the world is simply an arrangement of energy, whether human, animal, mineral, physical, energetic, emotional, mental etc. The environmental energy surrounding us is linked to our own psyche and energy field and can affect us for good or for bad Feng Shui seeks to combine the human with nature and help to create a supportive environment. In 2007 I did a diploma in Environmental Psychology at Birkbeck College in London as I wanted to learn whether the principles of Feng Shui could be explained with the more westernised language of Environmental Psychology and there are many parallels. Of course our environment affects us or why would we be interested in aesthetics or certain colour palettes or art of opera Sound, music, colour, space it all works together to form our environment, influencing our perception and therefore our feelings and thoughts which have a significant impact on our ability to be healthy, harmonious and wealthy. The macro environment of our homes, offices etc affects the micro environment of our own body and mind. If you were to give one tip to Freshome readers for something that they could try at home, which would allow them to test the benefits of Feng Shui, what would it be SM. There isn t really one tip to apply to all situations as depending on the sickness a different remedy is prescribed. Reducing Feng Shui to tips is like asking a brain surgeon to give their top tip on how to remove a clot on the brain it is impossible without the audience having gone through medical school! Similarly with Feng Shui, the layperson simply hasn t had the training required to understand the more powerful techniques of Feng Shui, so the tips inevitably end up sounding rather simplistic and do not do the subject justice. In fact, some tips can be dangerous which is why I try to keep mine on my blog as generic as possible and will not tell people anything they can t handle, as it is not responsible and could potentially damage someone. But one piece of advice that everyone can put into practice and is safe to use is to make sure you have a nice high headboard behind your bed. You d be amazed how many people move in to a house and forget to buy the headboard. It creates an important stability to the bed that is psychologically reassuring even if mostly subconscious. Yes you can get by without one, but it is far nicer and far more supportive to have one. For those of you who wish to learn more, Sarah McAllister is running an Introduction Course on March 31st / April 1st at Regents College in London. Freshome would like to take this opportunity to thank Sarah for answering our questions and sharing her extensive knowledge with us. Sarah would like to offer 10 lucky readers the opportunity to have a 20 minute telephone consultation with her to discuss whether Feng Shui interior design could help you to create a happier, healthier and more harmonious home or office. To be in with a chance of winning this fantastic prize, simply head on over to Sarah s website The Feng Shui Agency and use the contact form to leave her a message clearly stating that you have just read her interview on Freshome and would like to be considered for the telephone consultation. Good luck everyone! Tweet Share on Tumblr Posted in Best Of By Stacey Sheppard Ready for more amazing design ideas Check below! Designing harmony S Statues, Candles and Mantra Bed by Mauro How to Add Relaxing Happy Chaise Longue, Highly Modern Green Post a Comment let\'s connect! Keep up with the news here Rss Feed Facebook Twitter Pinterest Tumblr Google+ Today Minimalist, Monochromatic Home in G 7664 Views Nature-Oriented Family Home in Swed 7187 Views Contemporary Use of Wood and Colore 6407 Views Ingenious Shelving Units Hole in t 5893 Views Residential Observation Tower Overl 5516 Views Revamped Lakefront Residence Define 4987 Views This Week 25 Room Design Ideas for Teenage Gi 26021 Views Sustainable Home with Unique Design 23915 Views Serene Home in Bali, Designed for E 20195 Views Holiday Home Inspiration White Vil 19808 Views Pure White Highgate Apartment Split 18499 Views 26 Wonderful Living Room Design Ide 17490 Views This Month 25 Room Design Ideas for Teenage Gi 119633 Views 26 Wonderful Living Room Design Ide 75659 Views 30 of the Most Creative Bookshelves 51976 Views Tropical Hideaway Near Bali s 39073 Views 10 Best Free Online Virtual Room Pr 37620 Views 15 Most Colorful Apartments Present 37327 Views Latest articles The Modern Architecture Game Are You Up To The Challenege [Video] Blending in Its Surrounding Landscape La Vinya Residence in Spain Ultimate REK Coffee Table Modern and Versatile Interior Design Characterized by Geometry Shifting Floors in Seattle IKEA Kitchen Table Art by Carl Kleiner and Evelina Bratell About us Advertise Contact us About Freshome let\'s connect Twitter Facebook RSS Launched in 2007, Freshome is a weblog devoted to uncovering and sharing the latest and greatest products in Architecture and Design. Freshome was launched in March 2007 and has grown rapidly to become one of the most popular and influential architecture and design blogs on the internet. We now get over two million visits a month, and traffic is growing every month. The primary focus of this design publication is to give you inspiration to make your home more beautiful, organized and healthy. We believe that a calm, healthy, beautiful home is a necessary foundation for happiness and success in the world. For more check our about page . 2007 - 2012 - All Rights Reserved Freshome - Interior Design, Decorating & Architecture Magazine Advertise About Sitemap Contact Us')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00865', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns og "http //ogp.me/ns#" xmlns fb "http //www.facebook.com/2008/fbml"> Freshome Best Of Apartments Architecture Bedroom Furniture Ideas Kitchen Living Room Bathroom Previous J Next K Home Previous story Next story Share Email Print Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Facebook Five Minutes Time Out Timer Stool From Wisteria http //bit.ly/x9Jbkq Inspired by children s constant experimenting when they either learn how to do or how not to do things the Time Out Timer Stool was designed to help parents add a twist to those five minute time-outs. Every time the child needs to be punished, the hourglass -shaped Time Out Timer Stool can come in handy just ask the child to sit on the stool until all the sand has poured down. This Wisteria exclusive product is available in navy or white and can be purchased for $69.00. Although an excellent idea, the Time Out Timer Stool can be expected to be delivered by mid-summer. Although this stool is not a toy and should be used only under adult supervision, the Time Out Timer Stool is practically a decorative item with functional features. Made out of mango wood, the hourglass stool has a vintage design and can hold up to 150 lbs. Each stool is filled with white sand to time approximately five minutes and help you in disciplining your child. Tweet Share on Tumblr Posted in Furniture By Ada Teicu Ready for more amazing design ideas Check below! Stacked Rock Lamp World s Fastest Wa Sorry for the Lack o When Steel and Oak M Creative Chair Desig The Amazing Snake Ba Post a Comment let\'s connect! Keep up with the news here Rss Feed Facebook Twitter Pinterest Tumblr Google+ Today Minimalist, Monochromatic Home in G 7664 Views Nature-Oriented Family Home in Swed 7187 Views Contemporary Use of Wood and Colore 6407 Views Ingenious Shelving Units Hole in t 5893 Views Residential Observation Tower Overl 5516 Views Revamped Lakefront Residence Define 4987 Views This Week 25 Room Design Ideas for Teenage Gi 26021 Views Sustainable Home with Unique Design 23915 Views Serene Home in Bali, Designed for E 20195 Views Holiday Home Inspiration White Vil 19808 Views Pure White Highgate Apartment Split 18499 Views 26 Wonderful Living Room Design Ide 17490 Views This Month 25 Room Design Ideas for Teenage Gi 119633 Views 26 Wonderful Living Room Design Ide 75659 Views 30 of the Most Creative Bookshelves 51976 Views Tropical Hideaway Near Bali s 39073 Views 10 Best Free Online Virtual Room Pr 37620 Views 15 Most Colorful Apartments Present 37327 Views Latest articles The Modern Architecture Game Are You Up To The Challenege [Video] Blending in Its Surrounding Landscape La Vinya Residence in Spain Ultimate REK Coffee Table Modern and Versatile Interior Design Characterized by Geometry Shifting Floors in Seattle IKEA Kitchen Table Art by Carl Kleiner and Evelina Bratell About us Advertise Contact us About Freshome let\'s connect Twitter Facebook RSS Launched in 2007, Freshome is a weblog devoted to uncovering and sharing the latest and greatest products in Architecture and Design. Freshome was launched in March 2007 and has grown rapidly to become one of the most popular and influential architecture and design blogs on the internet. We now get over two million visits a month, and traffic is growing every month. The primary focus of this design publication is to give you inspiration to make your home more beautiful, organized and healthy. We believe that a calm, healthy, beautiful home is a necessary foundation for happiness and success in the world. For more check our about page . 2007 - 2012 - All Rights Reserved Freshome - Interior Design, Decorating & Architecture Magazine Advertise About Sitemap Contact Us')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00866', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns og "http //ogp.me/ns#" xmlns fb "http //www.facebook.com/2008/fbml"> Freshome Best Of Apartments Architecture Bedroom Furniture Ideas Kitchen Living Room Bathroom Previous J Next K Home Previous story Next story Share Email Print Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Facebook Picturesque Getaway on Mustique Private Island Yemanja Resort http //bit.ly/yU0CYc Ready for some holiday vibes The soothing Yemanja resort is nestled high on a beautiful hill, overlooking the Macaroni Beach on Mustique island, in St Vincent and the Grenadines. It consists of a main villa, a three-bedroom cottage and bunk houses for children. According to the official resort description, the main 5 bedroom residence is filled with an eclectic collection of Brazilian and African artworks and charming ethnic pieces which contribute to the authenticity of its design. The building revolves around a Mexican palapa , with an alluring palm fringe and a lovely infinity pool. Private terraces, pool access and hammocks are just some of the features of the bedrooms that can be rented in this villa. Yemanja resort also accommodates a tennis court, a media room, and impressive indoor and outdoor dining spaces. If you are curious about the rates for this retreat, the renting costs begin at $22,000 for 5 bedrooms 10 guests, May to December , and go up, depending on the season, number of guests and type of services required. Price tag aside, do you find it inviting Tweet Share on Tumblr Posted in Architecture By Lavinia Ready for more amazing design ideas Check below! Today s Dream Home Private Island and L Fascinating Interior Captivating Wellness Tropical Hideaway Ne Eaglemont Resort-Sty Post a Comment let\'s connect! Keep up with the news here Rss Feed Facebook Twitter Pinterest Tumblr Google+ Today Minimalist, Monochromatic Home in G 7664 Views Nature-Oriented Family Home in Swed 7187 Views Contemporary Use of Wood and Colore 6407 Views Ingenious Shelving Units Hole in t 5893 Views Residential Observation Tower Overl 5516 Views Revamped Lakefront Residence Define 4987 Views This Week 25 Room Design Ideas for Teenage Gi 26021 Views Sustainable Home with Unique Design 23915 Views Serene Home in Bali, Designed for E 20195 Views Holiday Home Inspiration White Vil 19808 Views Pure White Highgate Apartment Split 18499 Views 26 Wonderful Living Room Design Ide 17490 Views This Month 25 Room Design Ideas for Teenage Gi 119633 Views 26 Wonderful Living Room Design Ide 75659 Views 30 of the Most Creative Bookshelves 51976 Views Tropical Hideaway Near Bali s 39073 Views 10 Best Free Online Virtual Room Pr 37620 Views 15 Most Colorful Apartments Present 37327 Views Latest articles The Modern Architecture Game Are You Up To The Challenege [Video] Blending in Its Surrounding Landscape La Vinya Residence in Spain Ultimate REK Coffee Table Modern and Versatile Interior Design Characterized by Geometry Shifting Floors in Seattle IKEA Kitchen Table Art by Carl Kleiner and Evelina Bratell About us Advertise Contact us About Freshome let\'s connect Twitter Facebook RSS Launched in 2007, Freshome is a weblog devoted to uncovering and sharing the latest and greatest products in Architecture and Design. Freshome was launched in March 2007 and has grown rapidly to become one of the most popular and influential architecture and design blogs on the internet. We now get over two million visits a month, and traffic is growing every month. The primary focus of this design publication is to give you inspiration to make your home more beautiful, organized and healthy. We believe that a calm, healthy, beautiful home is a necessary foundation for happiness and success in the world. For more check our about page . 2007 - 2012 - All Rights Reserved Freshome - Interior Design, Decorating & Architecture Magazine Advertise About Sitemap Contact Us')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00867', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns og "http //ogp.me/ns#" xmlns fb "http //www.facebook.com/2008/fbml"> Freshome Best Of Apartments Architecture Bedroom Furniture Ideas Kitchen Living Room Bathroom Previous J Next K Home Previous story Next story Share Email Print Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Facebook Revamped Lakefront Residence Defined by Unique Details http //bit.ly/wMruid Transforming a 1960 s split-level building into a fascinating contemporary residence resulted in a beautiful combination of old flare and new sophistication. Moore Architects managed to create a stunning collection of spaces gathered in a home named Lakefront Residence . As described by the architects, this home is organized according to the owner s needs while taking into account the existing building Saving the bones of the front to back split-level, the architects sought to use this basic organization to an advantage exploiting the street side / water side split personality of the residence, but acknowledging that the fun is in the modern connection of the two worlds. The landscaped street face of the house, containing the entry, office, garage and guest rooms, recalls the reserve and scale of the original house. The rear of the house, with the living and dining rooms, and master suite, explodes into the woods, opening views to the steep hill that plummets to the water below . Spreading over 4,900 square feet, the remodeled house is located in Falls Church, Virginia, USA. Overlooking the private Lake Barcroft, this unique L-shaped home provides the inhabitants with a fantastic back terrace and a landscape adorned with mature maple trees. Indoor and outdoor merge in a successful effort to bring a sense of living alongside nature, but having all the modern comfort needed by urban dwellers. Tweet Share on Tumblr Posted in Architecture By Ada Teicu Ready for more amazing design ideas Check below! Unique Vintage Detai Calistoga Residence Parkfields Residence Impressive Modern Ar Contemporary Home in Home of an Artist L Post a Comment let\'s connect! Keep up with the news here Rss Feed Facebook Twitter Pinterest Tumblr Google+ Today Nature-Oriented Family Home in Swed 5089 Views Ingenious Shelving Units Hole in t 4824 Views How to Transform Your Home Using th 3849 Views Contemporary Use of Wood and Colore 3560 Views Interior Design Characterized by Ge 3537 Views Minimalist, Monochromatic Home in G 3341 Views This Week 25 Room Design Ideas for Teenage Gi 23897 Views Sustainable Home with Unique Design 23583 Views Serene Home in Bali, Designed for E 20004 Views Holiday Home Inspiration White Vil 19586 Views Pure White Highgate Apartment Split 18258 Views Sustainable Residential Project in 16968 Views This Month 25 Room Design Ideas for Teenage Gi 117509 Views 26 Wonderful Living Room Design Ide 73897 Views 30 of the Most Creative Bookshelves 50791 Views Tropical Hideaway Near Bali s 38851 Views 15 Most Colorful Apartments Present 37075 Views 10 Best Free Online Virtual Room Pr 36747 Views Latest articles The Modern Architecture Game Are You Up To The Challenege [Video] Blending in Its Surrounding Landscape La Vinya Residence in Spain Ultimate REK Coffee Table Modern and Versatile Interior Design Characterized by Geometry Shifting Floors in Seattle IKEA Kitchen Table Art by Carl Kleiner and Evelina Bratell About us Advertise Contact us About Freshome let\'s connect Twitter Facebook RSS Launched in 2007, Freshome is a weblog devoted to uncovering and sharing the latest and greatest products in Architecture and Design. Freshome was launched in March 2007 and has grown rapidly to become one of the most popular and influential architecture and design blogs on the internet. We now get over two million visits a month, and traffic is growing every month. The primary focus of this design publication is to give you inspiration to make your home more beautiful, organized and healthy. We believe that a calm, healthy, beautiful home is a necessary foundation for happiness and success in the world. For more check our about page . 2007 - 2012 - All Rights Reserved Freshome - Interior Design, Decorating & Architecture Magazine Advertise About Sitemap Contact Us')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00868', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns og "http //ogp.me/ns#" xmlns fb "http //www.facebook.com/2008/fbml"> Freshome Best Of Apartments Architecture Bedroom Furniture Ideas Kitchen Living Room Bathroom Previous J Next K Home Previous story Next story Share Email Print Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Facebook Simply Luxurious AE House Defined By Open Spaces http //bit.ly/xnaEIr A spectacular open plan residence named the AE House was constructed in Lomas de Chapultepec, Mexico City. Placed on a 8,611 square feet property, the modern house rises up three levels in order to offer its inhabitants all the necessary room to live a modern, comfortable life. The architects who worked on this project twentyfourseven describe the site s challenges and solutions they came up with The proposal of the project changes this interaction by displacing a thick volume to the back of the site while a thin volume is pulled forward, creating by such an action a cross diagram that allows for patios to emerge with views, illumination and natural ventilation of the spaces. The intersection of both volumes creates a central void where the connection between the different volumes opens up to the sky. Defined by glass walls on the ground floor, the living spaces are opened to the outside space. The living spaces sit between the frontal garden and the back gravel patio a 131 feet long space dedicated to family life. Having placed the kitchen and services in such a way as to relate to both the formal and the everyday dining spaces, the architects designed the upper levels as a collection of private spaces overlooking the garden with Jacarandas and Palm trees. Luxurious in its simplicity, the AE House was constructed as a private, urban space for the enjoyment of the family living here. Tweet Share on Tumblr Posted in Architecture By Ada Teicu Ready for more amazing design ideas Check below! Parthenon Place, Lux Luxurious 23 Oakmoun A world of luxury an Luxurious Chestnut H Casa Elegante Luxurious Waterfront Post a Comment let\'s connect! Keep up with the news here Rss Feed Facebook Twitter Pinterest Tumblr Google+ Today Minimalist, Monochromatic Home in G 7664 Views Nature-Oriented Family Home in Swed 7187 Views Contemporary Use of Wood and Colore 6407 Views Ingenious Shelving Units Hole in t 5893 Views Residential Observation Tower Overl 5516 Views Revamped Lakefront Residence Define 4987 Views This Week 25 Room Design Ideas for Teenage Gi 26021 Views Sustainable Home with Unique Design 23915 Views Serene Home in Bali, Designed for E 20195 Views Holiday Home Inspiration White Vil 19808 Views Pure White Highgate Apartment Split 18499 Views 26 Wonderful Living Room Design Ide 17490 Views This Month 25 Room Design Ideas for Teenage Gi 119633 Views 26 Wonderful Living Room Design Ide 75659 Views 30 of the Most Creative Bookshelves 51976 Views Tropical Hideaway Near Bali s 39073 Views 10 Best Free Online Virtual Room Pr 37620 Views 15 Most Colorful Apartments Present 37327 Views Latest articles The Modern Architecture Game Are You Up To The Challenege [Video] Blending in Its Surrounding Landscape La Vinya Residence in Spain Ultimate REK Coffee Table Modern and Versatile Interior Design Characterized by Geometry Shifting Floors in Seattle IKEA Kitchen Table Art by Carl Kleiner and Evelina Bratell About us Advertise Contact us About Freshome let\'s connect Twitter Facebook RSS Launched in 2007, Freshome is a weblog devoted to uncovering and sharing the latest and greatest products in Architecture and Design. Freshome was launched in March 2007 and has grown rapidly to become one of the most popular and influential architecture and design blogs on the internet. We now get over two million visits a month, and traffic is growing every month. The primary focus of this design publication is to give you inspiration to make your home more beautiful, organized and healthy. We believe that a calm, healthy, beautiful home is a necessary foundation for happiness and success in the world. For more check our about page . 2007 - 2012 - All Rights Reserved Freshome - Interior Design, Decorating & Architecture Magazine Advertise About Sitemap Contact Us')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00869', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns og "http //ogp.me/ns#" xmlns fb "http //www.facebook.com/2008/fbml"> Freshome Best Of Apartments Architecture Bedroom Furniture Ideas Kitchen Living Room Bathroom Previous J Next K Home Previous story Next story Share Email Print Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Facebook Blending in Its Surrounding Landscape La Vinya Residence in Spain http //bit.ly/AkJqt2 La Vinya is a massive residence designed by studio Lagula Arquitectes and located in Caldes de Malavella, Spain. This 4,560 square foot, two story, modern home has a design based on a strong indoor outdoor connection. All the patios and porches seem to extend outwards, slowly fading into the natural landscape. According to the architects, the vision for this home is laid out around a series of symbolic spaces, in homage to a Mediterranean country villa. The home is accessed from an elevated patio, reinstating the main carriage entrances of the Palladian villas. The terrace offers magnificent views over the golf course, extending the vista from the living room and making it a privileged vantage point overlooking the landscape. Protected from view and occupying a dominant position, the swimming pool blends beautifully with the house in a spectacular bathing area in which to enjoy an exceptional sensory experienc e . How do you find this architecture project Tweet Share on Tumblr Posted in Architecture By Lavinia Ready for more amazing design ideas Check below! Rock Blending Summer Social Housing Solut House in Connecticut Sheltered and Intima Contemporary Design Intriguing Architect Post a Comment let\'s connect! Keep up with the news here Rss Feed Facebook Twitter Pinterest Tumblr Google+ Today Minimalist, Monochromatic Home in G 7440 Views Nature-Oriented Family Home in Swed 6974 Views Contemporary Use of Wood and Colore 6011 Views Ingenious Shelving Units Hole in t 5579 Views Residential Observation Tower Overl 5388 Views Revamped Lakefront Residence Define 4860 Views This Week 25 Room Design Ideas for Teenage Gi 25542 Views Sustainable Home with Unique Design 23856 Views Serene Home in Bali, Designed for E 20164 Views Holiday Home Inspiration White Vil 19763 Views Pure White Highgate Apartment Split 18454 Views 26 Wonderful Living Room Design Ide 17106 Views This Month 25 Room Design Ideas for Teenage Gi 119154 Views 26 Wonderful Living Room Design Ide 75275 Views 30 of the Most Creative Bookshelves 51615 Views Tropical Hideaway Near Bali s 39042 Views 10 Best Free Online Virtual Room Pr 37386 Views 15 Most Colorful Apartments Present 37268 Views Latest articles The Modern Architecture Game Are You Up To The Challenege [Video] Blending in Its Surrounding Landscape La Vinya Residence in Spain Ultimate REK Coffee Table Modern and Versatile Interior Design Characterized by Geometry Shifting Floors in Seattle IKEA Kitchen Table Art by Carl Kleiner and Evelina Bratell About us Advertise Contact us About Freshome let\'s connect Twitter Facebook RSS Launched in 2007, Freshome is a weblog devoted to uncovering and sharing the latest and greatest products in Architecture and Design. Freshome was launched in March 2007 and has grown rapidly to become one of the most popular and influential architecture and design blogs on the internet. We now get over two million visits a month, and traffic is growing every month. The primary focus of this design publication is to give you inspiration to make your home more beautiful, organized and healthy. We believe that a calm, healthy, beautiful home is a necessary foundation for happiness and success in the world. For more check our about page . 2007 - 2012 - All Rights Reserved Freshome - Interior Design, Decorating & Architecture Magazine Advertise About Sitemap Contact Us')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00870', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns og "http //ogp.me/ns#" xmlns fb "http //www.facebook.com/2008/fbml"> Freshome Best Of Apartments Architecture Bedroom Furniture Ideas Kitchen Living Room Bathroom Previous J Next K Home Previous story Next story Share Email Print Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Facebook IKEA Kitchen Table Art by Carl Kleiner and Evelina Bratell http //bit.ly/AnQEPo Some ideas can express, in a simple yet stylish way, the beauty that comes from adjoining several items that shape two defining action cooking and eating. Each plate and fork, each bowl or napkin have something to contribute to the overall success of the meal. Capturing the very best of IKEA s creativeness and tableware, photographer Carl Kleiner shows us how stylist Evelina Bratell conceptualize d a follow-up campaign of IKEA s 2010 s hit campaign named Visual Recipes . The IKEA Kitchen Table Art expresses the collective efforts of all the people involved in this project and offers an artistic visual standstill of the company s present. Kitchen items were carefully selected and arranged to shape a few examples of how tableware can be inspiring and still display a story in pictures. Lunch, dinner, party, spaghetti night or eggs and coffee for breakfast all these fundamental events in our daily lives were captured in the table art found on Twisted Sifter . Tweet Share on Tumblr Posted in Ideas By Ada Teicu Ready for more amazing design ideas Check below! Bon App tit! The Ne Carl Dahlstedt Home Best IKEA Kitchen De Ikea Catalogue 2010 Cool IKEA Table with Kitchen Furniture Id Post a Comment let\'s connect! Keep up with the news here Rss Feed Facebook Twitter Pinterest Tumblr Google+ Today Minimalist, Monochromatic Home in G 7664 Views Nature-Oriented Family Home in Swed 7187 Views Contemporary Use of Wood and Colore 6407 Views Ingenious Shelving Units Hole in t 5893 Views Residential Observation Tower Overl 5516 Views Revamped Lakefront Residence Define 4987 Views This Week 25 Room Design Ideas for Teenage Gi 26021 Views Sustainable Home with Unique Design 23915 Views Serene Home in Bali, Designed for E 20195 Views Holiday Home Inspiration White Vil 19808 Views Pure White Highgate Apartment Split 18499 Views 26 Wonderful Living Room Design Ide 17490 Views This Month 25 Room Design Ideas for Teenage Gi 119633 Views 26 Wonderful Living Room Design Ide 75659 Views 30 of the Most Creative Bookshelves 51976 Views Tropical Hideaway Near Bali s 39073 Views 10 Best Free Online Virtual Room Pr 37620 Views 15 Most Colorful Apartments Present 37327 Views Latest articles The Modern Architecture Game Are You Up To The Challenege [Video] Blending in Its Surrounding Landscape La Vinya Residence in Spain Ultimate REK Coffee Table Modern and Versatile Interior Design Characterized by Geometry Shifting Floors in Seattle IKEA Kitchen Table Art by Carl Kleiner and Evelina Bratell About us Advertise Contact us About Freshome let\'s connect Twitter Facebook RSS Launched in 2007, Freshome is a weblog devoted to uncovering and sharing the latest and greatest products in Architecture and Design. Freshome was launched in March 2007 and has grown rapidly to become one of the most popular and influential architecture and design blogs on the internet. We now get over two million visits a month, and traffic is growing every month. The primary focus of this design publication is to give you inspiration to make your home more beautiful, organized and healthy. We believe that a calm, healthy, beautiful home is a necessary foundation for happiness and success in the world. For more check our about page . 2007 - 2012 - All Rights Reserved Freshome - Interior Design, Decorating & Architecture Magazine Advertise About Sitemap Contact Us')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00871', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns og "http //ogp.me/ns#" xmlns fb "http //www.facebook.com/2008/fbml"> Freshome Best Of Apartments Architecture Bedroom Furniture Ideas Kitchen Living Room Bathroom Previous J Next K Home Previous story Next story Share Email Print Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Facebook Interior Design Characterized by Geometry Shifting Floors in Seattle http //bit.ly/yrQCum The East Market House was designed by COOP15 and is located in Kirkland s East of Market neighborhood, in Seattle. The residence is adapted to the urban character of this part of town and displays a highly modern design. According to the architects, living spaces are tightly organized and vertical, stacked over the garage, with a shifting geometry between floors creating a more dynamic form and living spaces. That shifting language continues with the built-in cabinetry in the kitchen and at the large central stair and wall. The stair wall, along with a simple singular accent color, ties the three stories together, creating a datum around which other programmatic elements align. Materials are tough and weatherproof, with limited use of natural wood accents. A green roof sits atop a main floor bedroom drawing the landscape up into the stacked forms of the architecture . Have a look at the photos and tell us what you think! Tweet Share on Tumblr Posted in Architecture By Lavinia Ready for more amazing design ideas Check below! Contemporary Wall Ho Fun and Versatile S Norman Residence \x08 30 Floor Designs Tha Amazing Home in Seat Simple and Elegant W Post a Comment let\'s connect! Keep up with the news here Rss Feed Facebook Twitter Pinterest Tumblr Google+ Today Minimalist, Monochromatic Home in G 7440 Views Nature-Oriented Family Home in Swed 6974 Views Contemporary Use of Wood and Colore 6011 Views Ingenious Shelving Units Hole in t 5579 Views Residential Observation Tower Overl 5388 Views Revamped Lakefront Residence Define 4860 Views This Week 25 Room Design Ideas for Teenage Gi 25542 Views Sustainable Home with Unique Design 23856 Views Serene Home in Bali, Designed for E 20164 Views Holiday Home Inspiration White Vil 19763 Views Pure White Highgate Apartment Split 18454 Views 26 Wonderful Living Room Design Ide 17106 Views This Month 25 Room Design Ideas for Teenage Gi 119154 Views 26 Wonderful Living Room Design Ide 75275 Views 30 of the Most Creative Bookshelves 51615 Views Tropical Hideaway Near Bali s 39042 Views 10 Best Free Online Virtual Room Pr 37386 Views 15 Most Colorful Apartments Present 37268 Views Latest articles The Modern Architecture Game Are You Up To The Challenege [Video] Blending in Its Surrounding Landscape La Vinya Residence in Spain Ultimate REK Coffee Table Modern and Versatile Interior Design Characterized by Geometry Shifting Floors in Seattle IKEA Kitchen Table Art by Carl Kleiner and Evelina Bratell About us Advertise Contact us About Freshome let\'s connect Twitter Facebook RSS Launched in 2007, Freshome is a weblog devoted to uncovering and sharing the latest and greatest products in Architecture and Design. Freshome was launched in March 2007 and has grown rapidly to become one of the most popular and influential architecture and design blogs on the internet. We now get over two million visits a month, and traffic is growing every month. The primary focus of this design publication is to give you inspiration to make your home more beautiful, organized and healthy. We believe that a calm, healthy, beautiful home is a necessary foundation for happiness and success in the world. For more check our about page . 2007 - 2012 - All Rights Reserved Freshome - Interior Design, Decorating & Architecture Magazine Advertise About Sitemap Contact Us')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00872', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns og "http //ogp.me/ns#" xmlns fb "http //www.facebook.com/2008/fbml"> Freshome Best Of Apartments Architecture Bedroom Furniture Ideas Kitchen Living Room Bathroom Previous J Home Previous story Next story Share Email Print Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Facebook The Modern Architecture Game Are You Up To The Challenege [Video] http //bit.ly/ylw7JZ Greatest architects, famous buildings and legendary quotes-these are just some of the modern architecture fields you will have to discover and overcome in the questions addressed by The Modern Architecture Game . Developed by Next Architects , this captivating means of socializing tests your knowledge, with no less than 1000 modern architecture questions. According to Next, The Modern Architecture Game is the second edition of the architecture game. The first edition was launched on 30 August 1999. It was the first project collaboration involving the four partners at NEXT architects and was distributed in the private environment of Delft University of Technology. Ten years later, we\\ ve produced a revised version of the game, analytically unravelled and improved. This edition is an international version, in the sense that it is produced in English, but also that the questions range right across the breadth of modern world history . The purpose of the game is to reach the middle of the board, before anybody else does. This is possible by answering all the questions correctly Give a wrong answer, and the infamous round glasses of Le Corbusier are passed on to the next player . The design of the game was paid special attention, as the game pins are all inspired by famous modern buildings, and the board has a smooth, black construction drawing. Be sure to check out the video below for the game trailer and tell us if you are ready to take the challenge. Tweet Share on Tumblr Posted in Architecture , Ideas By Lavinia Ready for more amazing design ideas Check below! Inspiring Modern Hom Bookcase Inspired by Pop-up Books Exhibit Top 100 of the Most Furniture Inspired b Hypnotic Light Show Post a Comment let\'s connect! Keep up with the news here Rss Feed Facebook Twitter Pinterest Tumblr Google+ Today Minimalist, Monochromatic Home in G 7664 Views Nature-Oriented Family Home in Swed 7187 Views Contemporary Use of Wood and Colore 6407 Views Ingenious Shelving Units Hole in t 5893 Views Residential Observation Tower Overl 5516 Views Revamped Lakefront Residence Define 4987 Views This Week 25 Room Design Ideas for Teenage Gi 26021 Views Sustainable Home with Unique Design 23915 Views Serene Home in Bali, Designed for E 20195 Views Holiday Home Inspiration White Vil 19808 Views Pure White Highgate Apartment Split 18499 Views 26 Wonderful Living Room Design Ide 17490 Views This Month 25 Room Design Ideas for Teenage Gi 119633 Views 26 Wonderful Living Room Design Ide 75659 Views 30 of the Most Creative Bookshelves 51976 Views Tropical Hideaway Near Bali s 39073 Views 10 Best Free Online Virtual Room Pr 37620 Views 15 Most Colorful Apartments Present 37327 Views Latest articles The Modern Architecture Game Are You Up To The Challenege [Video] Blending in Its Surrounding Landscape La Vinya Residence in Spain Ultimate REK Coffee Table Modern and Versatile Interior Design Characterized by Geometry Shifting Floors in Seattle IKEA Kitchen Table Art by Carl Kleiner and Evelina Bratell About us Advertise Contact us About Freshome let\'s connect Twitter Facebook RSS Launched in 2007, Freshome is a weblog devoted to uncovering and sharing the latest and greatest products in Architecture and Design. Freshome was launched in March 2007 and has grown rapidly to become one of the most popular and influential architecture and design blogs on the internet. We now get over two million visits a month, and traffic is growing every month. The primary focus of this design publication is to give you inspiration to make your home more beautiful, organized and healthy. We believe that a calm, healthy, beautiful home is a necessary foundation for happiness and success in the world. For more check our about page . 2007 - 2012 - All Rights Reserved Freshome - Interior Design, Decorating & Architecture Magazine Advertise About Sitemap Contact Us')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00873', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns og "http //ogp.me/ns#" xmlns fb "http //www.facebook.com/2008/fbml"> Freshome Best Of Apartments Architecture Bedroom Furniture Ideas Kitchen Living Room Bathroom Previous J Next K Home Previous story Next story Share Email Print Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Facebook Ultimate REK Coffee Table Modern and Versatile http //bit.ly/wKGkWC We recently received photos of a fantastic coffee table that can be modified to suit your needs. The REK Coffee Table , created by architect and designer Reinier de Jong , transforms from a wooden block into a multitude of designs with a few simple moves. After deigning furniture items like the REK bookcase, KEER chair and VOLT table, the talented Reinier de Jong created a versatile piece of furniture to accompany your everyday coffee. He explains the inspiration, use of materials and functions of this modern coffee table REK is a coffee table that grows with your coffee needs. When you have visitors, just get some chairs and extend the table any way you like. Enough space for all those coffee cups and store your book or knitting set in the spaces underneath the tops. You can extend REK in various ways. Built-in stops make sure you will not extend the sliding parts too far. Of course you can also put REK in a permanent position that fits your interior. The top and two sides of REK are white HPL and the edges are finished with your choice of parquet wood oak, berch or beech. The end grain side of the wood is beveled in order to get a grip a subtle detail. The dimensions of the REK table obviously vary with its configuration. REK is 60 by 80 cm in collapsed state, its maximum length is 170 cm and its maximum width is 130 cm. REK coffee table is related to another REK by Reinier de Jong Design- the bookcase that grows with your book collection . Tweet Share on Tumblr Posted in Furniture By Ada Teicu Ready for more amazing design ideas Check below! Coffee Table with St Modern Coffee Table Case Coffee Table Gemelli Coffee Table Convertible Coffee T Balance Coffee Table Post a Comment let\'s connect! Keep up with the news here Rss Feed Facebook Twitter Pinterest Tumblr Google+ Today Minimalist, Monochromatic Home in G 7440 Views Nature-Oriented Family Home in Swed 6974 Views Contemporary Use of Wood and Colore 6011 Views Ingenious Shelving Units Hole in t 5579 Views Residential Observation Tower Overl 5388 Views Revamped Lakefront Residence Define 4860 Views This Week 25 Room Design Ideas for Teenage Gi 25542 Views Sustainable Home with Unique Design 23856 Views Serene Home in Bali, Designed for E 20164 Views Holiday Home Inspiration White Vil 19763 Views Pure White Highgate Apartment Split 18454 Views 26 Wonderful Living Room Design Ide 17106 Views This Month 25 Room Design Ideas for Teenage Gi 119154 Views 26 Wonderful Living Room Design Ide 75275 Views 30 of the Most Creative Bookshelves 51615 Views Tropical Hideaway Near Bali s 39042 Views 10 Best Free Online Virtual Room Pr 37386 Views 15 Most Colorful Apartments Present 37268 Views Latest articles The Modern Architecture Game Are You Up To The Challenege [Video] Blending in Its Surrounding Landscape La Vinya Residence in Spain Ultimate REK Coffee Table Modern and Versatile Interior Design Characterized by Geometry Shifting Floors in Seattle IKEA Kitchen Table Art by Carl Kleiner and Evelina Bratell About us Advertise Contact us About Freshome let\'s connect Twitter Facebook RSS Launched in 2007, Freshome is a weblog devoted to uncovering and sharing the latest and greatest products in Architecture and Design. Freshome was launched in March 2007 and has grown rapidly to become one of the most popular and influential architecture and design blogs on the internet. We now get over two million visits a month, and traffic is growing every month. The primary focus of this design publication is to give you inspiration to make your home more beautiful, organized and healthy. We believe that a calm, healthy, beautiful home is a necessary foundation for happiness and success in the world. For more check our about page . 2007 - 2012 - All Rights Reserved Freshome - Interior Design, Decorating & Architecture Magazine Advertise About Sitemap Contact Us')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00875', 'manifest "ragefaces.manifest"> Ragefac.es')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00876', 'lang "en"> Dominic Blackburn has shared this using Snip.it. Join Snip.it Sign in Snip.it lets you share your thoughts on anything from the web. You can create collections of links we call them snips , add your thoughts & discover others with relevant opinions on issues you care about. Watch our video... We are currently in beta. Sign in with Facebook Sign in with Facebook Don\'t have a Facebook account Use your email address. Returning users Forgot your password New users, sign up for Snip.it Sign Up Dominic Blackburn More from Science Stratos Space Jump Can You Fall Faster Than the Speed of Sound wired Origami Robots Run Only on Air wired Molecules from scratch without the fiendish physics - physics-math - 10 February 2012 newscientist Mysterious Foam Causing Hog Farms to Explode youtube CultureLab Drones vie with supersonics for the future of flight newscientist One Per Cent Acid-powered micro-rocket buzzes at 640 km/h newscientist Navigating the Legality of Autonomous Vehicles wired Entire genome of extinct human reconstructed - life - 07 February 2012 newscientist Zap your brain into the zone Fast track to pure focus - life - 06 February 2012 newscientist Weak will comes from tired mental muscles - opinion - 01 February 2012 newscientist Is this really mind-reading guardian.co.uk Video - Speech reconstructed from brain activity newscientist Telepathy machine reconstructs speech from brainwaves - health - 31 January 2012 newscientist Mystery Illness in Upstate New York Mass Hysteria healthland.time High-Powered Plasma Turns Garbage Into Gas wired Schumpeter The power of tribes economist Why you think your team is the best - health - 31 January 2012 newscientist Video Self-Guided Bullet Spots, Steers and Nails Its Target wired Everything You Thought You Knew About Learning Is Wrong wired New Scientist TV Spider-silk skin stops a speeding bullet newscientist Stretching spider silk to its high-tech limits - tech - 26 January 2012 newscientist')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00877', '> HIPSTART venture technologies scroll IDEEDOCK uberlife Fabwall PROJECT ENDURE TIMBER DESIGN CO. Contact jamesbryangraves@gmail.com +31611751966 KvK 53281667, BTW NL0034203960 HIPSTART 2012')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00878', 'class "no-js" dir "ltr" lang "en"> Screen Shot 2012-02-10 at 10.30.38 AM.png Direct link')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00879', "> exfm Trending Explore Recent sites you've visited Clear History Sites Artists Albums Name Artist Album Site Last Visited Loved Play Queue Settings Social Help Sign out")
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00880', "> exfm Trending Explore Recent sites you've visited Clear History Sites Artists Albums Name Artist Album Site Last Visited Loved Play Queue Settings Social Help Sign out")
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00881', "> exfm Trending Explore Recent sites you've visited Clear History Sites Artists Albums Name Artist Album Site Last Visited Loved Play Queue Settings Social Help Sign out")
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00882', 'lang "en-GB" xmlns fb "http //www.facebook.com/2008/fbml" xmlns og "http //opengraphprotocol.org/schema/"> Skip to content Member Log In Join Now Basket Contact Us Membership Why Join Econsultancy Pricing & Plans Reports Market Data Internet Statistics Survey Reports Infographics Template Files Web Project Templates Digital Marketing Templates Request For Proposals RFPs Business Cases Best Practice Best Practice Guides Beginner\'s Guides JUMP Magazine Trends & Innovation Innovation Report Trend Briefings Supplier Selection Buyer\'s Guides Event Presentations Training Courses Custom Training SkillSet Qualifications MSc in Digital Marketing Communications MSc in Internet Retailing Graduate Certificates Our Training Team Training Advice Why Train with Econsultancy Events Conferences Digital Cream Dubai Digital Cream New York Digital Cream San Jose JUMP 2012 New York Online Marketing Masterclass Digital Cream London Digital Cream B2B London Digital Cream Sydney JUMP 2012 London FUNNEL Past Conferences Social Events Innovation Awards 2012 Ceremony Digital Cream Dubai Drinks Reception Digital Cream New York Cocktail Reception Digital Vision @ SXSW Qualifications Open Evening - London Digital Nuts - Poker Tournament Past Social Events Roundtables Briefings Innovation Awards Why enter Categories Judging Awards Ceremony 2011 Winners 2012 Shortlist Jobs View Jobs Post a Job Blog More About Econsultancy Press Releases Consulting Services Supplier Directory Member Directory Forums Best Practice Supplier Selection Other Topics Econsultancy Labs Project Arachnid Browse by topic Affiliate marketing B2B E-commerce & conversion Email marketing Mobile Online advertising Online PR Project management Search marketing SEO, PPC Social media Strategy & business planning User experience & design Web analytics & measurement Home Blog How to identify and fix Google Panda in 2012 Print Posted 10 February 2012 09 38am by Stephen Croome with 7 comments Tweet Tweet Google s Panda update was a direct attack on bad content, which comes in many different flavours, including duplicate, weak, thin and template. Panda acts like a domain wide penalty, so your whole site is affected and your good pages are dragged down by your bad pages. This is a guide on how to find and fix Google\'s Panda algorithm update, based on our Panda fighting experience at SEOgadget in 2011. Panda basics Panda is about dealing with bad content, not bad links. Bad content comes in different flavours duplicate, weak, thin and template Panda acts like a domain wide penalty your whole site is affected and your good stuff is dragged down by your bad stuff Web crawler accessibility issues affect how search engines see, and therefore assess, your content. Often, badly designed Information Architectures compound the problems with already week content Large sites that have many pages, templated content and lots of sub-categories are the most at risk. If you haven t been monitoring and fixing your accessibility issues, as highlighted in Google Webmaster Tools, you are at risk. Panda examples All of these examples are from the UK, mostly from the employment and gift sectors Classic Panda We use Searchmetric \'s SEO visibility score to find out just when sites got hit, or recovered from Panda, There are three dates that stick out in the UK data Early April was the big UK introduction of Panda. There is a smaller inflection in July. There is a bigger inflection in October. Proof that doing nothing will not help you You can see in this graph that they are trying to fix their Panda issues but haven t yet bitten the bullet and made the leap they need to I know these guys well. They have no idea this data exists or anything about panda, but they have done OK. One might argue that they are OK because they couldn t care less about SEO and have a product that people like It would be easy to attribute this to Panda, but this looks more like developer or general website issues One of my favourites from the Employment industry, which clearly shows winners and losers I love the green line. Did they even know they had benefited from Google Panda Did they think they had done something to deserve the new traffic Was it all Champagne, cocaine and cash bonuses and then three months later, the next panda update smacks them With Panda thinning out sites in a vertical, it creates a false sense of success for the winners, as they themselves may be next in line for the chopping block... The blue line benefits from the first Panda update and then it looks like they get hit by Panda a few months later, but I don t think that s Panda, I think that s development gone wrong. Panda smacks and recovery are one day to the next, not across a number of weeks. The other effect of Panda the big brands got bigger Given this graph, where would you go to look for examples of sites that are being rewarded by Google Panda Find the websites that benefitted from Panda and look at their content, as that is now the new minimum level of content quality in your industry. Panda recovery This data is for Prezzybox , who we worked with. Panda recovery is possible, but a lot of unplanned, un-budgeted blood, sweat, tears and money went into that dip and recovering the traffic. The SEO visibility metric is a proprietary metric, but I asked Steve Overton from Searchmetrics if he could give us some more insight into it and he has explained the algorithm behind it Observations from fighting Panda Panda is confusing if you are not on top of your data and industry news. There were so many updates it becomes easy to blame everything bad on Panda. Conversely there are sites which benefitted from Panda but did not attribute it. When we started exploring how to fix Panda, we moved quite conservatively. Now we suggest that people take strong, decisive action in resolving issues . Google Panda doesn t fix itself, you have to fix it. It will take time, money and effort. It also requires a change in how you see your online business. You can make this whole process a lot easier on your business if you put a person in charge of content, and give them a budget and developer time. The advice is quite simple, concentrated around a few key areas. The implementation is where companies fall down. Fixing Panda is not complex, but it does require a lot of work. How to fix Panda Duplicate content Give someone the responsibility to hunt down duplicate content. Use Google Webmaster tools or SEOmoz tools or Xenu or an IIS crawl or whatever people suggest in the blog comments . It s not tough to do, it just requires some concentrated effort Solve duplicate content issues with rel canonical. Here are seven short videos of Google s Matt Cutts talking about different aspects of implementing rel canonical . Thin content If you have a section that is just thin templated content, it is hurting the good contents ability to rank. Be strong and cut the crap or add to your content to improve it. Cutting the crap 404 a bad section or area and after the pages have dropped out of the index, 301 them somewhere good so you don t lose any incoming link juice. This is potentially the biggest win. SEOmoz has a good guide to 301s , including links to references for 301s under Apache and IIS. Making your content great There is no getting around the fact that time and effort is needed here. Someone in your organisation needs the time and responsibility to sit down and create great content or manage the creation process via third party writers. I believe that great content requires both qualitative and quantitative research and a knowledgably person to knit it together to suit both users and search engines. Here is my guide on taking mediocre content and making it great content and an overview from our work on Panda on how Google might interpret content quality signals. Templated content Write content, hire interns or find people in cheaper parts of the world. Many companies are unnecessarily precious about their content and ultimately this ends up hurting more than helping them. Elance , Odesk and Copify all work for building out content. Remember, you now have a person responsible for content quality who will oversee this . Accessibility issues Run an IIS crawl to find your accessibility issues IIS is easier to use than you think . Here is an example list of errors from an IIS crawl. This becomes your plan of attack for clearing up accessibility issues You will end up with a list of issues and the urls where those issues are occurring, to be able to go and fix them. Three key takeaways The world is not as it once was . Crap websites trying to masquerade as decent websites are being hunted down and sunk below the quality line. Google owes you nothing. Tactics to just barely raise your quality enough to recover your rankings are unlikely to pay dividends. You may well find yourself a loser again the next time the quality bar is raised. Google is judging you. Google is going to continue to raise the quality bar with future updates. When your competitors improve their websites, you will be weakest and in line for the chop at the next quality update. I hope this post helps you decide to build great content today, so you dont have to deal with the fallout from bad content tomorrow. Image credit tanakawho via Flickr Stephen Croome is Head of SEO Delivery at SEOgadget and a guest blogger on Econsultancy. Recommended reports SEO Best Practice Index Inclusion The SEO Best Practice Index Inclusion Guide is part of Econsultancy\'s renowned SEO Best Practice Guide and is has been created with the help and frontline insight of globally-esteemed SEO practitioners, in order to give you the edge in your natural search marketing activity. Alternatively, see our SEMPO State of Search Marketing Report 2011 or SEO Agencies Buyer s Guide . Reader comments 7 Add your own Chris Hughes 10 08AM on 10th February 2012 Good Post, this was some very interesting reading, I agree with "cutting crap" its hard to accept but it is a must. Felipe09 11 19AM on 10th February 2012 Believe it or not the impact of Panda on my client\'s websites was minimal if any. I\'ve always stuck the basics of SEO and continue to do so. Good, unique and worthy content that is what makes a website successful, oh yeah and links. And I believe this article highlights all that. Alice Morgan Silver SEO and content strategy consultant - German-speaking at My own company 1 41PM on 10th February 2012 I preach this message a lot, but it\'s always really useful to have what you\'re saying endorsed by experts out there. Thank you! Dylan Harrington Bronze Marketing Executive at The Slice 1 42PM on 10th February 2012 "Often, badly designed Information Architectures compound the problems with already week content " Apparently easily done! Nick Stamoulis 2 54PM on 10th February 2012 The panda update was a reminder that quality beats quantity every time. I\'d caution against hiring an intern or a foreign writer to handle your content. It may be cheap, but you get what you pay for. Joanna Pieters Silver Founder at Alpha Content 3 05PM on 10th February 2012 You may be right that \'Many companies are unnecessarily precious about their content\', but I\'m not sure that\'s the real problem. I\'d say that they\'re precious about the wrong things. Companies should be precious, demanding, insistent on really good content. But that\'s content that\'s absolutely right for their customer. It\'s not stuff that makes the board feel good. Stephen Croome Bronze Head of SEO Operations at SEOGadget 5 05PM on 10th February 2012 Thanks for the comments, I really appreciate them Nick I agree, you need to be careful, and there should be someone on the client side who checks the content as part of the content delivery process Joanna Yup, Im with you there, reducing decisions based on ego and increasing the ones based on data would help a lot of people who have fallen foul of Panda S Enter your comment below Name Email Your email address will not be published URL optional Your name will link to this URL Your comment No HTML please Advertise here Popular Most commented Tags Most popular posts this month Four Seasons unveils $18m website 25 brilliant examples of Facebook brand pages Snickers \'hijacks\' Katie Price\'s Twitter account for PR stunt 11 dubious uses of QR codes The 21 most horrific social media facepalms of 2011 Five online advertising trends to expect in 2012 Most commented posts this month 11 dubious uses of QR codes 39 comments Four Seasons unveils $18m website 34 comments Is SEO really bad for the internet 19 comments Google adds social content from Google+ into search results 17 comments Google \'Search, plus Your World\' the experts\' view 16 comments Google+ reaches 100m users 14 comments Popular blog tags View all tags Apple 277 posts Big Media 307 posts Blogs and Blogging 342 posts Design 191 posts Facebook 518 posts Google 1193 posts Interviews 350 posts iphone 280 posts Microsoft 346 posts Research 294 posts Search 621 posts Shopping 501 posts Social Media 901 posts Startups 483 posts stats 345 posts TV 200 posts twitter 574 posts Video 345 posts Web 2.0 850 posts Yahoo 330 posts Advertise here Twitter buzz Tweet No recent tweets to display Most Popular Reports Internet Marketing Strategy Briefing Internet Statistics Compendium Checkout Optimization Guide 70 ways to increase conversion rates Popular Report Topics Search Marketing - Organic/Natural SEO Social Media Web Analytics E-commerce User Experience and Usability Popular Training Topics User Experience and Usability Social Media E-commerce Email Marketing Affiliate Marketing Popular Event Topics Search Marketing - Organic/Natural SEO Social Media Multichannel Marketing User Experience and Usability E-commerce More Blog Press Releases Consulting Services Supplier Directory Member Directory Forums Econsultancy Labs About us Contact Press Centre Advertising & Sponsorship Affiliates Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Site map Copyright 2012 E-consultancy.com Limited. All rights reserved. This material is for personal use only. Use of this website constitutes acceptance of the Econsultancy User Agreement and Privacy Policy .')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00883', 'lang "en-GB" xmlns fb "http //www.facebook.com/2008/fbml" xmlns og "http //opengraphprotocol.org/schema/"> Skip to content Member Log In Join Now Basket Contact Us Membership Why Join Econsultancy Pricing & Plans Reports Market Data Internet Statistics Survey Reports Infographics Template Files Web Project Templates Digital Marketing Templates Request For Proposals RFPs Business Cases Best Practice Best Practice Guides Beginner\'s Guides JUMP Magazine Trends & Innovation Innovation Report Trend Briefings Supplier Selection Buyer\'s Guides Event Presentations Training Courses Custom Training SkillSet Qualifications MSc in Digital Marketing Communications MSc in Internet Retailing Graduate Certificates Our Training Team Training Advice Why Train with Econsultancy Events Conferences Digital Cream Dubai Digital Cream New York Digital Cream San Jose JUMP 2012 New York Online Marketing Masterclass Digital Cream London Digital Cream B2B London Digital Cream Sydney JUMP 2012 London FUNNEL Past Conferences Social Events Innovation Awards 2012 Ceremony Digital Cream Dubai Drinks Reception Digital Cream New York Cocktail Reception Digital Vision @ SXSW Qualifications Open Evening - London Digital Nuts - Poker Tournament Past Social Events Roundtables Briefings Innovation Awards Why enter Categories Judging Awards Ceremony 2011 Winners 2012 Shortlist Jobs View Jobs Post a Job Blog More About Econsultancy Press Releases Consulting Services Supplier Directory Member Directory Forums Best Practice Supplier Selection Other Topics Econsultancy Labs Project Arachnid Browse by topic Affiliate marketing B2B E-commerce & conversion Email marketing Mobile Online advertising Online PR Project management Search marketing SEO, PPC Social media Strategy & business planning User experience & design Web analytics & measurement Home Blog Is SEO really bad for the internet Print Posted 08 February 2012 11 49am by Graham Charlton with 20 comments Tweet Tweet Aaron Wall recently reported on a Google employee who left comments on Hacker News to the effect that SEO is bad for the internet. The Google employee, Googley Jon Rockway , said that "SEO isn\'t good for users or the internet at large". It\'s a surprising statement for a Google employee to make, and I\'ve been asking some SEO experts about their views on the issue, and whether this reflects the search giant\'s real views. Here\'s Rockway\'s quote in more detail Instead of being able to SEO the entire Internet, businesses can now only affect the search results for a tiny percentage of users. That\'s a good thing because SEO can\'t scale, and SEO isn\'t good for users or the Internet at large. If you look at the Google experience from the standpoint of customers, it\'s pretty good. Users get relevant search results and ads. Advertisers get their content on top of everything else. It\'s a good compromise between advertising and usability, and it works really well. It\'s a bug that you could rank highly in Google without buying ads, and Google is trying to fix the bug. Manipulating Google results shouldn\'t be something you feel entitled to be able to do. If you want to rank highly in Google, be relevant for the user currently searching. Engage him in social media or email, provide relevant information about what you\'re selling, and, generally, be a "good match" for what the user wants. What is the thinking behind this statement Search consultant Rishi Lakhani feels that Rockway has "gaffed by revealing what could be a very much internal sentiment by Google on their stance on free traffic". It kind of reminds me of an old SEO joke What is the Meaning of SPAM Search Positions Above Mine. However in Google s possible view, SPAM could mean Search Positions Avoid Moneymaking. Essentially what is Google s money making model Selling Ads. Every bit of free traffic that a site receives from organic search is a loss in revenue to Google. So are you surprised at this stance I am not. How is SEO bad for internet users Andrew Girdwood , Bigmouthmedia I have a lot of sympathy for Rockway s comment. SEO that attempts to manipulate Google s or Bing s search results so that less relevant results are returned above more relevant results is not good for users or the internet. I don t believe there is a single SEO any more. Some of the SEO throwbacks and perhaps some of the new strands do fall into the not helpful category. Spam, for example, is not helpful. The benefits of SEO for web users Yes, there are plenty of spammers out there, but good SEO has benefits for businesses and web users. Here are just a few of those. It has encouraged greater usability As Site Visibility \'s Kelvin Newman points out, many improvements to website usability have been made in order to optimise for search engines There s lots of annoying aspects of websites that SEO has had a role killing off, I think the good Karma for SEO ending the trend of splash pages is enough to see the industry through a decade of bad behaviour! Elizabeth Ayers from iCrossing echoes this sentiment If large quality brands did not optimise their sites for search then it is likely that the web would be a poorer place. The web and social would not be as advanced as it is today if SEO hadn t been such a key revenue driver for brands to take advantage of and participate in, creating quality content and participating on social platforms. It encourages business to create better content Content is key to great SEO, and cheap tactics like keyword stuffing just don\'t cut it any more. Instead, creating content that people want to read and share is what works best. Andrew Girdwood Modern SEO is helpful. It is less an advertising tactic and more a marketing strategy. Modern SEO involves creating and working with engaging content; content so good that users want to share and discuss it. This is a boon for users and the net as it creates an upwards pressure on quality. It makes businesses more relevant to users Rishi Lakhani Competitive SEO actually helps make businesses even more relevant to searchers. Because we know who links naturally, and why. A page full of carburettors for sale may not get links, what is the motivation But a page that shows how to clean your carburettor will. The difference between intent and motivation differs, and it s the SEO community that is hard at work encouraging such content. SEO is not bad for the user, but for Google s pockets. SEO can help small businesses to punch above their weight There are businesses spending big bucks on SEO and paid search , but by using solid SEO techniques, creating a usable site and filling it with great content, small businesses can rank higher than bigger rivals. Social CRM Andrew Girdwood A strong example of how Modern SEO is great for users in general is in the emergence of social CRM. Businesses are increasing their efforts to look after customers online, using platforms like Twitter and Google+ to reach out to people who have had a bad experience with a brand or encountered some other problem. This is in part due to the rise of social but this is also an example of Modern SEO. Google blogged back in 2010 that being bad to your customers is bad for business . Customers benefit whenever brands take extra effort to look after them and the convergence of search and social have given business extra incentive to do just that. Is SEO bad for Google Is this the real subtext of this statement, gaff or not As Rockway says, thanks to recent changes such as \' Search Plus \', the amount of Google homepage real estate which is open to influence by SEO is shrinking. So is Google seeking to minimise the role of the SEO Rishi Lakhani feels strongly about this Of course there are bad approaches to SEO. However, this attitude that SEO SPAM should stop. Because the biggest violators are Google themselves. It takes content from third party sites and slowly wraps it up with ads. Google gets into short term partnerships with businesses with an edge, learn their processes, use those to build up their own offering, and then terminate those relationships. Up to a few years ago, Google used to use Yell to supply local content. Now, it s overtaken by Google Local. For years Google has been taking money from credit card companies and comparison sites alike. Now, it has launched its own version, which it uses Adwords to push. Graham Charlton is Editor at Econsultancy. Follow him on Twitter or connect via Linkedin or Google+ . Recommended reports SEO Best Practice Index Inclusion The SEO Best Practice Index Inclusion Guide is part of Econsultancy\'s renowned SEO Best Practice Guide and is has been created with the help and frontline insight of globally-esteemed SEO practitioners, in order to give you the edge in your natural search marketing activity. Alternatively, see our SEMPO State of Search Marketing Report 2011 or SEO Agencies Buyer s Guide . Reader comments 20 Add your own Bharati Ahuja 12 21PM on 8th February 2012 I would like to share a post I wrote in Feb. 2011 on "How Good SEO Contributes To The Larger Objectives Of The Web Ecosystem" http //blog.webpro.in/2011/02/how-good-seo-contributes-to-larger.html A good co-incident that this kind of discussion has come up in Feb. again this year... Ronnie 12 49PM on 8th February 2012 Great article that poses a good question! As an SEO I get this question quite often. The article really touched on some good points. One in particular in that SEO is not bad for the internet but actually is good in that it improves usability of the web. Matt Wright 1 14PM on 8th February 2012 Optimisation of social based algorithms such as Edgerank have consequences even worse than what SEO\'s have added or taken away from search based algorithm optimisations. Social networks rely on recommendation algorithms that can be gamed. The worst part of a social recommendation algorithm is the potential to create an eventual \'bubble affect\' where users become hugely small-minded and less about \'doing more\', \'knowing more\' and ceasing to ask \'why\' more. To know more about the bubble affect watch this lecture... http //www.ted.com/talks/eli_pariser_beware_online_filter_bubbles.html Depesh Mandalia Diamond Senior Marketing Manager - Personalisation & MVT at Tesco.com 1 16PM on 8th February 2012 This hits it on the nail for me "Every bit of free traffic that a site receives from organic search is a loss in revenue to Google." There seems to have been a very different stance to running Google with Larry Page as CEO which I\'m not convinced will endear users to Google. The don\'t be evil tool is a great example of how Google have changed as a company - as the tool states, the relevancy of results is still as good as ever, however there\'s a different commercial agenda at Google now - Google are entitled to run Google how they think it should be run but with any long standing \'brand\' the core values are built up through trust and awareness over time. Trust is being eroded away and what was once a fairly clear set of core values seems murky. It does sound like internal sentiment as to what Google thinks of SEO but good SEO improves the quality of what Google returns. Its a WIN WIN for both Google and SEOs - one cannot work without the other especially since the Google \'signals\' rely on proper website structure, which the majority of SEOs have helped develop over the last decade. This article still rings true for the 2 areas where google may slip-up quality of results and overdoing the social drive http //www.zdnet.com/blog/btl/new-google-ceo-larry-page-here-are-your-top-two-priorities/46912 Matt Kydd Bronze CTO at EXPANSYS plc 1 19PM on 8th February 2012 It certainly encourages index optimisation considerations over real-world usability - and like cars all built using a windtunnel results in homogeneous looking sites for any sector. James Webb 1 21PM on 8th February 2012 "If you want to rank highly in Google, be relevant for the user currently searching" Erm, that\'s called SEO. Granted, there are many flavours of SEO, some more oily than others, but for many organisations, SEO is an essential part of running a business online. The goals of SEO should simply be to improve editorial and technical quality, not to mention competitiveness which results in a better UX all round. Without SEOs - who helps raise the editorial bar many journalists still neglect copy that they believe is invisible - who ensures that slavishly produced content is optimised to the people that are looking for it most - who checks for damaging site errors very often people who should have clocked them, have not - who ensures pages are coded to proper standards so that they are discoverable in search While you could nominate other company roles to all of the above, truth is most of the time they\'re just cleaning up someone else\'s mess. So, really, SEO done the right way is about improving the web, not ruining it. James Gurd Silver Owner at Digital Juggler 1 45PM on 8th February 2012 Hi Graham, I think this is a timely article. SEO is not inherently bad, diluting quality is. Some of what Rockway said is bang on the money "if you want to rank highly in Google, be relevant for the user currently searching". However, he positions his opinion poorly. Positive SEO is about being relevant - if you\'re not relevant, you\'ll just get poor metrics and people won\'t come back. I think Rishi\'s last comment is quite interesting - Google taking 3rd party content and wrapping it with ads. It\'s all about the money to them, I don\'t believe anymore that the focus is on the user. The focus is on driving revenue and they have to think about the user to achieve that. SEO is an innate thing, it can\'t be bad - it\'s the people behind it that are choosing whether or not to follow good or bad practice. So let\'s focus praise and criticism on the people doing, not a marketing discipline. thanks james SY 2 01PM on 8th February 2012 1stly clever bait article guys. 2ndly SEO is not spam. Matt Cutts already said so http //www.youtube.com/watch v BS75vhGO-kk&amp;feature player_embedded 3rdly how can seo - that encourages good web practices such as having a stable and sound site architecture, encouraging good content and userbility, helping a website serve the most relevant page possible to a searcher - be a bad thing and lastly this guy has probably just revealed the most damnning evidence of what every seo knew all along - seo profiling and delberate penalization of sites that do not rely on google ads. any wonder why affiliate and ecommerce sites were the biggest sites to be hit by panda what about the keyword not provided crap cmon people! i hope the investigitons into google\'s competition laws get wind of this. Jimmy- SEO Search Labs 2 06PM on 8th February 2012 I feel this Googler slipped up on his choice of wording about SEO. His opinion harks back to the stigma associated with SEO of 5+ years ago back then SEO was regarded as trying to outsmart Google by looking for loopholes. People did exploit these methods until they were closed off, but sites that were ranking falsely, genuinely didn t add to the user experience. Many of these websites were affiliate sites or sites littered with adverts. SEO s should be working toward consumer centric SEO. This means only optimising websites in ways that will enhance the user s experience. They can do using content-rich campaigns and techniques that help users find useful information easily .White hat SEO s should be working in the best interest of everyone, the user, the site owner AND the search engines. Google is embracing SEO regardless of what this employee says e.g. Google s Search Engine Optimization Starter Guide . Developments in webmaster tools also encourage site owners to make changes to their website so that Google can crawl it more efficiently and help it understand what their site is about. SEO s should be working to help Google in its plight for high quality, relevant search results not fighting against it to warp the results for profit. While we disagree that SEO is bad for the internet, we do agree however, that black hat SEO is bad for the user and everyone in the long run. A good post and interesting discussion here - thanks Graham Emma Hands Silver Business & ECommerce Manager at Gift-Library.com 3 14PM on 8th February 2012 Google are clearly being hypocrites as they have spammed their own results with Google Plus, if you look at the reasons why G+ is so prominent it\'s down to SEOing to the max! Sam Silverwood-Cope 3 31PM on 8th February 2012 Yes the Top Ten of Google is decreasing in actual SEO real estate. There are now Google Plus results, more social networks and according to our research 99% of searches have Wikipedia on page one. Surely this encourages corporations down the paid route. Nicholas Johnson 5 22PM on 8th February 2012 If there was no SEO, good sites would naturally rise to the top of the rankings because people would link to them. SEOs running link building campaigns skew this data by creating hundreds of links to content which people would otherwise not be interested in reading. Some SEOs resort to posting links on unprotected forums and comment threads. Harm clearly is done in the name of SEO. Graham Charlton Staff Editor at Econsultancy 6 16PM on 8th February 2012 @Nicholas - if you have search engines, you have SEO. The two are inseparable. The search engines have to decide a method by which sites are ranked highest, and website owners and marketers want to figure out how and improve their own rankings. With \'modern SEO\' as Andrew Girdwood calls it, you have more user friendly websites which have to create content that is interesting and relevant to the searcher. This benefits the internet. dan barker Bronze E-Business Consultant at Dan Barker 10 05PM on 8th February 2012 I think this is a bit of a red herring. In general SEO has always benefited Google - they\'ve simply tried to blacken the areas that risked devaluing their algorithm. At the moment, they\'re in the middle of tweaking the rules considerably so that SEO benefits them even further. As one example, they\'re dangling the carrot of \'more traffic\' for website owners to buy into the Google+/SPYW stuff. In doing so, they hope this will help to drag the mainstream across. And, of course, if that all works out they win twice once for the \'social network\' element of Google+, once for embedding themselves as a large downstream recipient from natural search. dan Dale Cooper Silver Search Engine Marketing Manager at Visit Wales 8 35AM on 9th February 2012 This is a curious debate/thread although I agree with Rishi\'s reasoning. Google, Apple, Microsoft are run by shareholders and accountants. Data is a valuable resource and to expect a private company to actively support ventures that threaten income streams may be a little short sighted. Facebook backed by Goldman Sachs is floating soon, is it any wonder that Google is looking at giving less away and developing and tightening up its core business restrictions of keyword data, normalisation of personal records across accounts google+ In a few years time its possible that people will look back at this period and be amazed that you could get free traffic, free data and build successful businesses without investing all that heavily. SEO Surrey 9 28AM on 9th February 2012 Yeah Google thinks it\'s bad cause they don\'t earn money from good, natural SEO... A search engine without natural results is probably their ideal. I imagine the Yellow Pages came up with an idea pre internet to charge consumers for their directories as well as businesses! Gus Ferguson Silver Co-Founder and Director at Quad London 12 13PM on 9th February 2012 This is ridiculous. For someone to say that Optimising a website for a Search Engine is bad for the internet would logically imply that there\'s something wrong with the search engine itself. Ed Lamb 2 17PM on 9th February 2012 I presume he\'s referring to old-style SEO where links are bought or other shady practices are used to push rankings artificially high. That is bad for users. But Authentic Search where quality content is provided on site to match what users are looking for, and promoted off site through quality free editorial, is clearly very good for users. Nick Craig Bronze Managing Director at Mackerel Media 2 29PM on 9th February 2012 How about this for discussion Realistically, we should in the long term consider any traffic received from Google for free as a gift and plan for what is no doubt coming down the line if you make money from Google traffic, expect them to take a cut, unless you have done something remarkable to earn it. Were we talking about physical property, the discussion would be very different. Were Google a shopping centre with a 90% share of footfall we\'d laugh at the idea of letting traders set up stalls and sell for free whilst at the same time charging other tenants for their space. We\'d think it hilarious that we could use sometimes dubious techniques to corral shoppers to our stand....perhaps we\'d put up barriers and PVC banners outside a paying tenant\'s shop diverting people. Can you imagine..."Looking for a Cheap Mobile Phone Come to our cheap mobile phone stand for cheap mobile deals..." etc etc. We\'d be bent over double at the entreaties from retailers who consider themselves ethical and who claim to provide what customers are looking for, yet want to make a profit for themselves without paying rent to the shopping centre, regardless of the information they provide to users at the stand or the special free guides "Getting the most from your organic eggs", naturally written by an \'organic egg guru\' they give away to everyone willing to hand over their mobile phone number or email address. Yet, this is the freedom we all expect from Google. Fair Toni Atkinson Director at Loudlaunch.com 6 18PM on 9th February 2012 Thanks for this post that puts it into perspective. Enough with the stereotypes. These comments are fabulous too... what is bad for the internet is unethical "old-Style" SEO. Love the comparison to "physical property". Aren\'t we just helping the siteowners be accessible to everyone. Users are not dumb. We regularly find good traffic throughout the pages and users know to research and bypass what does not look authentic and that these are the people SEO is for. Let\'s keep showing great SEO! Enter your comment below Name Email Your email address will not be published URL optional Your name will link to this URL Your comment No HTML please Advertise here Popular Most commented Tags Most popular posts this month Four Seasons unveils $18m website 25 brilliant examples of Facebook brand pages Snickers \'hijacks\' Katie Price\'s Twitter account for PR stunt 11 dubious uses of QR codes The 21 most horrific social media facepalms of 2011 Five online advertising trends to expect in 2012 Most commented posts this month 11 dubious uses of QR codes 39 comments Four Seasons unveils $18m website 34 comments Is SEO really bad for the internet 19 comments Google adds social content from Google+ into search results 17 comments Google \'Search, plus Your World\' the experts\' view 16 comments Google+ reaches 100m users 14 comments Popular blog tags View all tags Apple 277 posts Big Media 307 posts Blogs and Blogging 342 posts Design 191 posts Facebook 518 posts Google 1193 posts Interviews 350 posts iphone 280 posts Microsoft 346 posts Research 294 posts Search 621 posts Shopping 501 posts Social Media 901 posts Startups 483 posts stats 345 posts TV 200 posts twitter 574 posts Video 345 posts Web 2.0 850 posts Yahoo 330 posts Advertise here Twitter buzz Tweet No recent tweets to display Most Popular Reports Internet Marketing Strategy Briefing Internet Statistics Compendium Checkout Optimization Guide 70 ways to increase conversion rates Popular Report Topics Search Marketing - Organic/Natural SEO Social Media Web Analytics E-commerce User Experience and Usability Popular Training Topics User Experience and Usability Social Media E-commerce Email Marketing Affiliate Marketing Popular Event Topics Search Marketing - Organic/Natural SEO Social Media Multichannel Marketing User Experience and Usability E-commerce More Blog Press Releases Consulting Services Supplier Directory Member Directory Forums Econsultancy Labs About us Contact Press Centre Advertising & Sponsorship Affiliates Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Site map Copyright 2012 E-consultancy.com Limited. All rights reserved. This material is for personal use only. Use of this website constitutes acceptance of the Econsultancy User Agreement and Privacy Policy .')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00884', 'lang "en-GB" xmlns fb "http //www.facebook.com/2008/fbml" xmlns og "http //opengraphprotocol.org/schema/"> Skip to content Member Log In Join Now Basket Contact Us Membership Why Join Econsultancy Pricing & Plans Reports Market Data Internet Statistics Survey Reports Infographics Template Files Web Project Templates Digital Marketing Templates Request For Proposals RFPs Business Cases Best Practice Best Practice Guides Beginner\'s Guides JUMP Magazine Trends & Innovation Innovation Report Trend Briefings Supplier Selection Buyer\'s Guides Event Presentations Training Courses Custom Training SkillSet Qualifications MSc in Digital Marketing Communications MSc in Internet Retailing Graduate Certificates Our Training Team Training Advice Why Train with Econsultancy Events Conferences Digital Cream Dubai Digital Cream New York Digital Cream San Jose JUMP 2012 New York Online Marketing Masterclass Digital Cream London Digital Cream B2B London Digital Cream Sydney JUMP 2012 London FUNNEL Past Conferences Social Events Innovation Awards 2012 Ceremony Digital Cream Dubai Drinks Reception Digital Cream New York Cocktail Reception Digital Vision @ SXSW Qualifications Open Evening - London Digital Nuts - Poker Tournament Past Social Events Roundtables Briefings Innovation Awards Why enter Categories Judging Awards Ceremony 2011 Winners 2012 Shortlist Jobs View Jobs Post a Job Blog More About Econsultancy Press Releases Consulting Services Supplier Directory Member Directory Forums Best Practice Supplier Selection Other Topics Econsultancy Labs Project Arachnid Browse by topic Affiliate marketing B2B E-commerce & conversion Email marketing Mobile Online advertising Online PR Project management Search marketing SEO, PPC Social media Strategy & business planning User experience & design Web analytics & measurement Home Blog Useful e-commerce trends the promo strip Print Posted 09 February 2012 12 01pm by dan barker with 10 comments Tweet Tweet This post highlights a simple, useful feature that\'s crept onto most of the UK\'s largest e-commerce sites over the last couple of years, with no real coverage. "The promo strip" is not new, but has slowly caught on to the point it\'s almost standard for high street retailers, yet still fairly rare on smaller sites. It\'s a very useful addition from both the customer perspective quickly informative without being overbearing and from the brand perspective conversion orientated without being overbearing! . There are 12 examples below, including variations on the central idea. The Promo Strip Here\'s an example of the most basic version, from Play.com That\'s it. A simple strip of key information that appears under the top navigation of a site, performing a roughly similar function as a direct mail Johnson Box . Sometimes these promote key selling points of the site or the brand itself, other times they highlight current promotions, though really they\'re a nice way to display info that you want every visitor to the site to see. The benefits of placing these under the top navigation are They appear on every page, so no matter where someone lands on the site they see it. Even if visitors are on a low screen resolution, they still see it immediately. The top navigation is where visitors are looking, so - whether they register it consciously or not - almost everyone sees it. 11 More Examples Below are 11 more examples of the trend. In each screengrab, the promo strip is highlighted in green. John Lewis There\'s a theme among the biggest retailers to use the strip for delivery messaging. John Lewis promote their \'free delivery\' threshold, their \'click to collect\' & \'international delivery\' info, along with their famous \'Never Knowingly Undersold\'. Evans Evans follow the trend with Delivery & Returns information, but also include a call to action to sign up to their email list. Topshop Again, Topshop opt for the \'Free UK Delivery\' & an \'international delivery\' promo. House of Fraser House of Fraser copycat John Lewis or maybe it was the other way round with \'store collection\', \'free delivery\', and \'international delivery\' all promoted prominently here. Debenhams And again, Debenhams follows along with Free Delivery, store collection, and international delivery. Interesting variations on the theme Other than the standard \'free delivery over XX, pick up in store\', here are a few variations from retailers who\'ve gone a little further. Marks & Spencer M&S step things up nicely from their competitors, showing international and UK delivery info, but also highlighting current promotions in an area every site visitor will see. M&S almost always has sales on some areas of the site, and this allows the retailer to flag these to everyone who lands on the site. Boux Avenue Another retailer showing their delivery and returns info, but Boux Avenue is worth a mention as - whereas other retailers have lumped the promo strip on top of their existing design - Boux have folded it very neatly in with the overall look/theme of the site. Naked Wines Naked \'s version differs slightly from others. Firstly, it\'s above the navigation. Secondly, it introduces some urgency and a deadline with their \'Order in the next XX minutes for next day delivery\' call to action. Penhaligon\'s Penhaligon\'s fill this area of dead space in its layout with \'free delivery\' info, but also - very usefully for a heavily gifted brand - promotes its free gift wrapping service here. Pen Heaven As with Naked Wines, Pen Heaven again focuses on urgency, offering same day engraving for orders before a particular time. It also features customer reviews heavily here; great for a smaller brand that visitors may not have heard of. Kiddicare Kiddicare is probably the UK\'s leading baby product website. it also leads the way here with its promo strip. First, it beats out all of the standard \'delivery\' promos, with next day delivery in \'1 hour slots\'. Second, it shows off the 365 day return policy. Third, Kiddicare offers a price match promise Taking it far further, the retailer has added these strips down either side of the main content These strips are hidden if you\'re on a smaller resolution eg 1024x768 . For anyone on a larger monitor, they reinforce the price match & fast despatch, but also show off their many awards, and promote their 119,000 product reviews. Summary As you can see, these have popped up all over the place. They\'re a very simple addition to highlight features or info you want to show off to all of your visitors. If you run an e-commerce site, and haven\'t already tried this, it\'s worth testing. If you\'re already running this with the bog standard \'free delivery over xx\', it\'s worth trialing some other ideas to see the impact they have. There are some nice extensions to this too personalising them to include discount codes depending on traffic source, etc. If you\'re willing to A/B test it, it\'s probably worth paying more attention to the impact it has on \'new visitors\' or first time buyers, rather than your overall conversion rate. Do leave a comment if you\'ve seen any other interesting examples of this, or had any experience yourself around results. Dan Barker is an E-Business Consultant and a guest blogger on Econsultancy. Recommended reports Checkout Optimization Guide 70 ways to increase conversion rates Problems with the checkout process are still the biggest single source of revenue loss for most e-commerce businesses. This report identifies 70 awesome recommendations and includes lots of practical insight to help you reduce your checkout abandonment rates. Alternatively, see our The Future of Digital Marketing 2010 - Presentations or E-commerce Platforms Buyer\'s Guide . Reader comments 10 Add your own Paul Rouke Gold Head of Usability & Conversion at PRWD 12 36PM on 9th February 2012 Great article Dan, highlighting something which I have been talking about and presenting ideas on over the last 12 months. The promo strip is a great example of a design pattern which I am seeing users actively engage with during user testing sessions. Your summary of the benefits of this feature is spot on too... "It\'s a very useful addition from both the customer perspective quickly informative without being overbearing and from the brand perspective conversion orientated without being overbearing! " Picking up on the Naked Wines example you have provided, they have in fact featured this countdown timer since they launched their site, and its a superb way to deliver a persuasive technique creating a sense of urgency to which you can almost guarantee all site visitors will see, even if only sub-consciously. A quick recommendation I make to retailers when they are implementing these strips is to not try cramming too many messages in the space. If you compare John Lewis to Pen Heaven or Kiddicare, it takes less effort to scan the latter two sites messages, along with them using visual elements to help differentiate the messages. Thanks again for a great post! dan barker Bronze E-Business Consultant at Dan Barker 12 54PM on 9th February 2012 Thanks, Paul! And great advice. Interestingly, I don\'t think the Naked Wines design had it from the start. I could be wrong, but I think this was their original http //bit.ly/originalnw I think that makes a nice point too - it\'s really useful to test this kind of thing to find out what works for your site, your audience, and your business needs. Thanks again! dan Depesh Mandalia Diamond Senior Marketing Manager - Personalisation & MVT at Tesco.com 1 19PM on 9th February 2012 Agree on your point that its been quietly bubbling away on many e-com sites without too much focus. Very useful when used in the right way. One thing I\'ve not seen is contextualising and personalising this area - there are pros and cons associated with this but used correctly, you could use profile data on the user ie first visit, categories browsed etc to provide some persuasive prompting; e.g. for a first time visitor provide generic deliver/returns/click & collect/etc info and start tailoring the message as a visitor moves from first time to a potential customer, to becoming a customer etc... and then within things that fit your brand such as male/female like the M&S example, simply choosing whether to display the Men\'s or Women\'s Trouser Offer Dan Ball 1 31PM on 9th February 2012 Great article Dan! They are fantastic examples of persuading the user without bombarding them with too much information. I couldn\'t agree more with Paul about the scanning the messages. How adding a bit of colour to break the different messages down alongside more leading text. Another great example of this is ASOS, they really are fantastic and persuading through out the customer journey. Albie Attias Silver Ecommerce Director at Eurosimm Ltd 2 15PM on 9th February 2012 Interesting to see so many retailers using the bar to promote their delivery offerings. Perhaps it\'s because most of their customers are familiar with their wider propositions so they don\'t need to push the \'why choose us\' message. I\'d advocate using the bar to push the key USPs for the business, particularly for smaller, less well known retailers fighting to make their mark. It would be interesting to see eye tracking studies or survey people using sites featuring promo bars to see if the content registers with them or not. Given that the bar is likely to be in their eyeline as they journey through the site, I\'d wager that it registers subconsciously even if they dont actively read it. Tim Leighton-Boyce Analyst at CxFocus 3 43PM on 9th February 2012 Very interesting indeed. Thanks, Dan. I think it\'s very good when patterns like these start to emerge. As with top navigation and side navigation or email address then password for login as an even more common one it helps if new visitors have some expectation of where some things may be. I agree with Albie that the \'why choose us\' message is very important too. Not one of these examples does much along those lines. I think they\'re assuming everyone will recognise them, which is no longer a safe bet. But in fact I think a USP message need to be bigger and more prominent than these strips. One question for Paul you mention people engaging with these strips in usability tests. Was that just mentioning them in \'think out loud\' or actually clicking, please I\'m reassured either way, because all too often I find people manage to miss even prominent messages. But I\'m also slightly concerned if someone\'s first reaction when landing on a site was to click for details on something like this, even if it does demonstrate a keen commercial intent! Robert "Butch" Greenawalt 3 49PM on 9th February 2012 In most instances it was displayed on the main page and as the writer pointed out it can appear on all pages. I believe it could be very useful as it is an upsell on the checkout page. #opinion. It distracts from the natural flow of the menu and home page flow and would cause most consumers to pause just long enough to wonder why they are there and leave. A more interesting study Albie would be a correlation between eye tracking and conversion rates as while I certainly agree it\'s a great idea it\'s the type of distraction that can potentially loose a customer if over used. It would be unusual that something like this would have been incorporated into the original design of the site and as such adding it afterwords without breaking up the natural flow of the original design would be difficult. I think it\'s an excellent way to drawer additional value to your site but only if used in moderation and where a customer might naturally expect to see it. Very nice article Dan Cheers, Robert Rich 9 13AM on 10th February 2012 I\'ve done some research around this area and have started to call them confidence banners, since they often don\'t aim to directly convert with a call to action, merely instill confidence in the customer making them more likely to make a purchase later on. Tim Leighton-Boyce Analyst at CxFocus 11 14AM on 10th February 2012 That\'s interesting Rich. What kind of research did you do Or is that a cheeky question I\'m not asking for intrusive detail, just the general type of thing! Rich 4 54PM on 10th February 2012 Not at all Tim! Mainly the importance and distinction between two types of banners we\'ve come to identify as confidence banners and conversion banners. Also general practice in placement and functionality of each. Conversion banners usually being more prominent on a page and containing a direct call to action. Enter your comment below Name Email Your email address will not be published URL optional Your name will link to this URL Your comment No HTML please Advertise here Popular Most commented Tags Most popular posts this month Four Seasons unveils $18m website 25 brilliant examples of Facebook brand pages Snickers \'hijacks\' Katie Price\'s Twitter account for PR stunt 11 dubious uses of QR codes The 21 most horrific social media facepalms of 2011 Five online advertising trends to expect in 2012 Most commented posts this month 11 dubious uses of QR codes 39 comments Four Seasons unveils $18m website 34 comments Is SEO really bad for the internet 19 comments Google adds social content from Google+ into search results 17 comments Google \'Search, plus Your World\' the experts\' view 16 comments Google+ reaches 100m users 14 comments Popular blog tags View all tags Apple 277 posts Big Media 307 posts Blogs and Blogging 342 posts Design 191 posts Facebook 518 posts Google 1193 posts Interviews 350 posts iphone 280 posts Microsoft 346 posts Research 294 posts Search 621 posts Shopping 501 posts Social Media 901 posts Startups 483 posts stats 345 posts TV 200 posts twitter 574 posts Video 345 posts Web 2.0 850 posts Yahoo 330 posts Advertise here Twitter buzz Tweet No recent tweets to display Most Popular Reports Internet Marketing Strategy Briefing Internet Statistics Compendium Checkout Optimization Guide 70 ways to increase conversion rates Popular Report Topics Search Marketing - Organic/Natural SEO Social Media Web Analytics E-commerce User Experience and Usability Popular Training Topics User Experience and Usability Social Media E-commerce Email Marketing Affiliate Marketing Popular Event Topics Search Marketing - Organic/Natural SEO Social Media Multichannel Marketing User Experience and Usability E-commerce More Blog Press Releases Consulting Services Supplier Directory Member Directory Forums Econsultancy Labs About us Contact Press Centre Advertising & Sponsorship Affiliates Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Site map Copyright 2012 E-consultancy.com Limited. All rights reserved. This material is for personal use only. Use of this website constitutes acceptance of the Econsultancy User Agreement and Privacy Policy .')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00885', 'lang "en-GB" xmlns fb "http //www.facebook.com/2008/fbml" xmlns og "http //opengraphprotocol.org/schema/"> Skip to content Member Log In Join Now Basket Contact Us Membership Why Join Econsultancy Pricing & Plans Reports Market Data Internet Statistics Survey Reports Infographics Template Files Web Project Templates Digital Marketing Templates Request For Proposals RFPs Business Cases Best Practice Best Practice Guides Beginner\'s Guides JUMP Magazine Trends & Innovation Innovation Report Trend Briefings Supplier Selection Buyer\'s Guides Event Presentations Training Courses Custom Training SkillSet Qualifications MSc in Digital Marketing Communications MSc in Internet Retailing Graduate Certificates Our Training Team Training Advice Why Train with Econsultancy Events Conferences Digital Cream Dubai Digital Cream New York Digital Cream San Jose JUMP 2012 New York Online Marketing Masterclass Digital Cream London Digital Cream B2B London Digital Cream Sydney JUMP 2012 London FUNNEL Past Conferences Social Events Innovation Awards 2012 Ceremony Digital Cream Dubai Drinks Reception Digital Cream New York Cocktail Reception Digital Vision @ SXSW Qualifications Open Evening - London Digital Nuts - Poker Tournament Past Social Events Roundtables Briefings Innovation Awards Why enter Categories Judging Awards Ceremony 2011 Winners 2012 Shortlist Jobs View Jobs Post a Job Blog More About Econsultancy Press Releases Consulting Services Supplier Directory Member Directory Forums Best Practice Supplier Selection Other Topics Econsultancy Labs Project Arachnid Browse by topic Affiliate marketing B2B E-commerce & conversion Email marketing Mobile Online advertising Online PR Project management Search marketing SEO, PPC Social media Strategy & business planning User experience & design Web analytics & measurement Home Blog Domino\'s UK says 13% of digital sales come from tablet or smartphone Print Posted 09 February 2012 11 42am by Vikki Chowney with 2 comments Tweet Tweet Domino\'s Pizza UK & Ireland has revealed that 13% of its digital sales come through a tablet or smartphone. These stats were released today as the company also launched a Windows 7 version of its mobile app the seventh channel that\'s now available for mobile sales. Mobile has proved to be a hugely successful avenue for Domino s; the company s iPhone app alone has generated over 10m in sales in the past year and now accounts for 4.1% of all online orders. Domino\'s head of commercial systems Paul Francis, says that the brand lends itself brilliantly to mobile retail. 13% of all digital sales come though a tablet or smartphone so we know that for many customers, mobile is the preferred way of ordering. We have ambitious plans for 2012 and I am delighted that we can offer this new app for the Windows Phone 7 platform. We look forward to hearing what our customers think. Whereas Domino s multimedia manager Nick Dutch highlighted that this new app release, built by Vexed Digital, is a response to developing consumer trends and staying "ahead of the game". With WP7 we see a great opportunity to get into the hands of loyal Nokia fans, who will be upgrading as WP7 launches." Back in September we reviewed Domino s iPad app , which to this day provides a significant advantage for the company over its main rival, Pizza Hut - which has not done anything with mobile at all in the UK at least . Like the iPhone version , the iPad app developed by Somo is well designed and intuitive to use, and the larger screen allows it to use high resolution images of its pizzas. The brand also released a second app in the app in the US in November. Named Pizza Hero, it s a game format that times how long it takes for you to virtually top a pizza, with points awarded for performance. Once you\'ve passed levels one through five, affectionately nicknamed Pizza School, other players will get a chance to rate your performance. Players can then, of course, order a real delivery through the app. Domino\'s also announced today that it was reviewing its digital and direct marketing account. A large proportion of Domino\'s marketing budget is spent on digital advertising, with nearly half of its pizza sales now made online. Vikki is News Editor for Econsultancy. You can follow her on Twitter or Google+ . Recommended reports Global Mobile Statistics Econsultancy\'s Global Mobile Statistics document is one of 11 individual downloads that make up Econsultancy s Global Internet Statistics Compendium, a comprehensive compilation of worldwide statistics and online market research with data, facts, charts and figures that are essential to understanding the marketplace as a whole. Alternatively, see our Mobile Websites and Apps Optimization Best Practice Guide or Internet Marketing Strategy Briefing . Reader comments 2 Add your own Chris hughes 10 01AM on 10th February 2012 I feel many companies this year will see an increase of orders through tablet and smartphones, Time are changing. alonso 8 01PM on 10th February 2012 pizza is the best especially dominos Enter your comment below Name Email Your email address will not be published URL optional Your name will link to this URL Your comment No HTML please Advertise here Popular Most commented Tags Most popular posts this month Four Seasons unveils $18m website 25 brilliant examples of Facebook brand pages Snickers \'hijacks\' Katie Price\'s Twitter account for PR stunt 11 dubious uses of QR codes The 21 most horrific social media facepalms of 2011 Five online advertising trends to expect in 2012 Most commented posts this month 11 dubious uses of QR codes 39 comments Four Seasons unveils $18m website 34 comments Is SEO really bad for the internet 19 comments Google adds social content from Google+ into search results 17 comments Google \'Search, plus Your World\' the experts\' view 16 comments Google+ reaches 100m users 14 comments Popular blog tags View all tags Apple 277 posts Big Media 307 posts Blogs and Blogging 342 posts Design 191 posts Facebook 518 posts Google 1193 posts Interviews 350 posts iphone 280 posts Microsoft 346 posts Research 294 posts Search 621 posts Shopping 501 posts Social Media 901 posts Startups 483 posts stats 345 posts TV 200 posts twitter 574 posts Video 345 posts Web 2.0 850 posts Yahoo 330 posts Advertise here Twitter buzz Tweet No recent tweets to display Most Popular Reports Internet Marketing Strategy Briefing Internet Statistics Compendium Checkout Optimization Guide 70 ways to increase conversion rates Popular Report Topics Search Marketing - Organic/Natural SEO Social Media Web Analytics E-commerce User Experience and Usability Popular Training Topics User Experience and Usability Social Media E-commerce Email Marketing Affiliate Marketing Popular Event Topics Search Marketing - Organic/Natural SEO Social Media Multichannel Marketing User Experience and Usability E-commerce More Blog Press Releases Consulting Services Supplier Directory Member Directory Forums Econsultancy Labs About us Contact Press Centre Advertising & Sponsorship Affiliates Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Site map Copyright 2012 E-consultancy.com Limited. All rights reserved. This material is for personal use only. Use of this website constitutes acceptance of the Econsultancy User Agreement and Privacy Policy .')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00886', 'lang "en-GB" xmlns fb "http //www.facebook.com/2008/fbml" xmlns og "http //opengraphprotocol.org/schema/"> Skip to content Member Log In Join Now Basket Contact Us Membership Why Join Econsultancy Pricing & Plans Reports Market Data Internet Statistics Survey Reports Infographics Template Files Web Project Templates Digital Marketing Templates Request For Proposals RFPs Business Cases Best Practice Best Practice Guides Beginner\'s Guides JUMP Magazine Trends & Innovation Innovation Report Trend Briefings Supplier Selection Buyer\'s Guides Event Presentations Training Courses Custom Training SkillSet Qualifications MSc in Digital Marketing Communications MSc in Internet Retailing Graduate Certificates Our Training Team Training Advice Why Train with Econsultancy Events Conferences Digital Cream Dubai Digital Cream New York Digital Cream San Jose JUMP 2012 New York Online Marketing Masterclass Digital Cream London Digital Cream B2B London Digital Cream Sydney JUMP 2012 London FUNNEL Past Conferences Social Events Innovation Awards 2012 Ceremony Digital Cream Dubai Drinks Reception Digital Cream New York Cocktail Reception Digital Vision @ SXSW Qualifications Open Evening - London Digital Nuts - Poker Tournament Past Social Events Roundtables Briefings Innovation Awards Why enter Categories Judging Awards Ceremony 2011 Winners 2012 Shortlist Jobs View Jobs Post a Job Blog More About Econsultancy Press Releases Consulting Services Supplier Directory Member Directory Forums Best Practice Supplier Selection Other Topics Econsultancy Labs Project Arachnid Browse by topic Affiliate marketing B2B E-commerce & conversion Email marketing Mobile Online advertising Online PR Project management Search marketing SEO, PPC Social media Strategy & business planning User experience & design Web analytics & measurement Home Press Releases Waitrose selects Criteo for Online Advertising drive in 2012 Tweet Tweet Leading supermarket first to implement personalised retargeting for groceries. LONDON 9 FEBRUARY 2012 Criteo, the global leader in performance display advertising, today announced that Waitrose has selected its industry leading solution for implementation on its website, Waitrose.com. The partnership will make Waitrose the first supermarket in the UK to use online personalised retargeting for groceries, helping to drive consumer relationships. Visitors to Waitrose.com will be presented with highly relevant products and offers on selected media sites as part of their internet journey upon leaving the site. This development marks an important step in Waitrose s investment in its ecommerce platform over the last year, which included the opening of a dedicated Dotcom Fulfilment Centre in West London. Waitrose s commitment to its online channel enabled the retailer to increase online sales by 49% in the seven days leading up to Christmas 2011. As the industry leader Criteo was an obvious choice for us, enabling us to present consumers with relevant and up-to-date product information in a visually rewarding way, said Nick White, Head of Online Commercial at Waitrose. We are driving innovation in the grocery sector by being the first supermarket to adopt personalised retargeting, enhancing our ecommerce strategy and making online shopping even easier for our customers. We are already seeing a tenfold increase in the click-through rate compared to non-targeted display activity as well as a high level of conversions. Criteo leverages consumer intent in the same way as search advertising by showing ads for products based on the browsing behaviour of people on Waitrose.com. Criteo uses a predictive engine that is able to recommend products based on the behaviour of other consumers that have viewed the same or similar products. The adverts are created in real-time to ensure consideration of stock availability and pricing. Waitrose can easily track the success throughout by comparing the cost of sale with the click-through purchase cost to ensure that it remains viable and successful. It is great to see an industry leader such as Waitrose driving innovation in the retail sector, Michael Steckler, MD for Northern Europe at Criteo said. We share a common goal as we continually aim to provide consumers with a more relevant online shopping experience, he added. Developments are also in progress to enable Waitrose to present consumers with items that they have forgotten to place in their online trolley prior to the delivery date as well as re-advertise purchased items once they re likely to have been consumed. --END-- About Criteo Criteo is the global leader in Performance Display. Thanks to Criteo, advertisers can reach more customers with the same return-on-investment as they get from search marketing. Every day Criteo generates millions of high-quality leads through dynamically generated ads which are personalised with the products and services that consumers are searching for. Criteo is measured purely on its post-click performance and offers a turnkey pay-per-click model including extensive real-time bidding tools, category and product level optimisation and an in-house creative studio. Criteo partners with over 2000 leading ecommerce brands and operates in 30 countries across America, Europe and Asia. For more information, please visit http //www.criteo.com . For more information contact Alex Moorhouse Burson-Marsteller +44 0 20 7300 6138 About Waitrose Waitrose currently has 272 shops in England, Scotland, Wales and the Channel Islands. Its recent strong performance has been driven by the success of the essential Waitrose range, its partnership with Delia Smith and Heston Blumenthal and an unmatchable top tier of products including the Duchy Originals From Waitrose range. Waitrose combines the convenience of a supermarket with the expertise and service of a specialist shop - dedicated to offering quality food that has been responsibly sourced combined with high standards of customer service. www.waitrose.com For more information contact Jess Hughes Corporate Communications Manager +44 0 1344 82 4294 Published on 11 00AM on 9th February 2012 Post a press release Why post a press release on Econsultancy Included with Silver, Gold, Platinum, and Diamond membership plans Join Econsultancy to Post a press release, and get many other benefits. Why join Econsultancy Join & Post a press release Already a member Log in to Post a press release. Advertise here Most Popular Reports Internet Marketing Strategy Briefing Internet Statistics Compendium Checkout Optimization Guide 70 ways to increase conversion rates Popular Report Topics Search Marketing - Organic/Natural SEO Social Media Web Analytics E-commerce User Experience and Usability Popular Training Topics User Experience and Usability Social Media E-commerce Email Marketing Affiliate Marketing Popular Event Topics Search Marketing - Organic/Natural SEO Social Media Multichannel Marketing User Experience and Usability E-commerce More Blog Press Releases Consulting Services Supplier Directory Member Directory Forums Econsultancy Labs About us Contact Press Centre Advertising & Sponsorship Affiliates Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Site map Copyright 2012 E-consultancy.com Limited. All rights reserved. This material is for personal use only. Use of this website constitutes acceptance of the Econsultancy User Agreement and Privacy Policy .')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00887', 'lang "en-GB" xmlns fb "http //www.facebook.com/2008/fbml" xmlns og "http //opengraphprotocol.org/schema/"> Skip to content Member Log In Join Now Basket Contact Us Membership Why Join Econsultancy Pricing & Plans Reports Market Data Internet Statistics Survey Reports Infographics Template Files Web Project Templates Digital Marketing Templates Request For Proposals RFPs Business Cases Best Practice Best Practice Guides Beginner\'s Guides JUMP Magazine Trends & Innovation Innovation Report Trend Briefings Supplier Selection Buyer\'s Guides Event Presentations Training Courses Custom Training SkillSet Qualifications MSc in Digital Marketing Communications MSc in Internet Retailing Graduate Certificates Our Training Team Training Advice Why Train with Econsultancy Events Conferences Digital Cream Dubai Digital Cream New York Digital Cream San Jose JUMP 2012 New York Online Marketing Masterclass Digital Cream London Digital Cream B2B London Digital Cream Sydney JUMP 2012 London FUNNEL Past Conferences Social Events Innovation Awards 2012 Ceremony Digital Cream Dubai Drinks Reception Digital Cream New York Cocktail Reception Digital Vision @ SXSW Qualifications Open Evening - London Digital Nuts - Poker Tournament Past Social Events Briefings Innovation Awards Why enter Categories Judging Awards Ceremony 2011 Winners 2012 Shortlist Jobs View Jobs Post a Job Blog More About Econsultancy Press Releases Consulting Services Supplier Directory Member Directory Forums Best Practice Supplier Selection Other Topics Econsultancy Labs Project Arachnid Browse by topic Affiliate marketing B2B E-commerce & conversion Email marketing Mobile Online advertising Online PR Project management Search marketing SEO, PPC Social media Strategy & business planning User experience & design Web analytics & measurement Home Blog Web analytics in 2012 the experts\' view Print Posted 05 January 2012 14 58pm by Graham Charlton with 27 comments Tweet Tweet We\'ve already asked industry experts about what 2012 holds for search and e-commerce , now it\'s the turn of web analytics. 2011 was a busy year for Google Analytics updates, as well as the EU Privacy law, and our experts identify the issues to look out for in the next 12 months... What were the most significant trends in web analytics last year Brian Clifton , Founder of Advanced-Web-Metrics.com The biggest change by far has been the introduction of the EU Privacy Law that came into effect on 25th May 2011. It wasn\'t a great surprise as privacy has been bubbling below the surface of our industry for the last five years see my post Five Predictions For Web Analytics in 2011 , but how this law has been interpreted did shock the web analytics world, at least across Europe. Sadly, the ICO the Independent Commissioner s Office, who in the UK are responsible for providing guidance and enforce this law has taken the view that benign web tracking, that is, anonymous and aggregate visit data collected by tools such as Google Analytics, are not allowed to do so without explicit consent of the visitor. That means you force an ugly and intrusive pop-up window or similar notice asking your visitors for consent. The ICO has done this see the top banner of their site and seen a drop of 90% in the traffic they are able to measure. Imagine the impact that would have on an e-commerce site, 90% of your data suddenly lost! Clearly this is wrong. The focus needs to be on the abusers of online tracking, not people following best practice. This will rumble on throughout 2012 for sure... Matt Clarke , E-commerce manager As a Google Analytics end user, 2011 has included a mixture of really annoying things missing data, sampled data, missing keywords , and some really innovative things. The GA team has certainly been very busy and it\'s been hard to keep track of the many new additions they\'ve made to the tool. In just 12 months we\'ve seen the introduction of site speed metrics, social media metrics, the brilliant multi-channel funnels, improved dashboards and reports, flow analysis and code improvements to event tracking and the API. Not to mention Google Analytics Premium , for those big enough to afford it. Dan Barker , E-business consultant The Google Analytics updates have been great. They\'ve updated more this year than in the last few years combined. I think the move toward \'multi-visit\' analysis is really nice, and that will only continue. Pulling in different types of \'off-site\' data is also really interesting, and I\'d bet that gets extended much further. From my point of view a really nice trend over the last year is that more of the people I work with have gone from asking "how do we set up reports " to "what can we do with this data " My dad published a Kindle book this year after having realised there was an audience for it on the basis of his Google Analytics data. It\'s brilliant to see lots of people actually using all this amazing data that\'s available. What\'s on the horizon for 2012 Matt Clarke The thing that\'s going to be on the mind of everyone who operates a site in the EU is the forthcoming cookie legislation, which is due to be enforced from May. I\'m sure some agencies will gain new business by offering cookie audits, policies and tools to obtain permission, but I think it remains to be seen how many will even bother to implement anything, particularly initially. I think many are likely to see what their competitors do and look at the methods being used to obtain permission, as those proposed so far haven\'t been great. It would be nice if this problem could simply be passed back to the browser developers, but I don\'t think that\'s going to happen. The analytics tool vendors have also been very quiet on the issue. I\'m hoping that it will be possible that we\'ll be able to avoid prosecution by taking fairly simple measures that don\'t significantly harm the user experience. Brian Clifton I think 2012 could be the year that the long standing issue of integrating offsite metrics with onsite metrics comes of age. The big offsite metrics questions are what people and how many are saying about you away from your website i.e. social media. Because this happens offsite and in many disparate systems/networks, its measurement and correlation with what happens on your site, has so far, not been an easy task to achieve. Dan Barker The \'cookie law\' again , mobile, and social analytics will be big topics next year. I think multichannel analytics and \'predictive analytics\' will start to go mainstream too, and that automation based on analytics data will become a bit easier. There\'s an odd situation in the web analytics market at the moment, in that Google Analytics now serves 95% of sites. The big \'flaw\' in Google Analytics is that it doesn\'t let you track personally identifiable information, so you can\'t use it to answer even simple questions like "who were my biggest customers this year, what\'s bringing them to the website, and how often are they visiting ". To get those answers, you either have to move to a very niche web analytics tool, or pay mid/high five figures. Someone is bound to fix that soon, as it\'s a problem that exists for almost every website, and it\'s weird that the bulk of web analytics is so far away from being customer-centric at the moment. BI & web analytics will keep moving closer together, and by the end of the year, someone will have used the words \'big data\' on Question Time, and the cast of TOWIE will have had a punch up over the merits of NoSQL. What\'s on your wish list for 2012 Brian Clifton I hope that a better understanding of privacy, in the eyes of the law, solidifies in 2012. Privacy is a big issue for anyone online, it is simply too easy at present for this to be abused and a couple of high profile cases could really harm the ability of website owners to collect the benign stuff. Bad practice has to go, so in general the new EU Privacy Law is a good thing. Bad practice includes the surreptitious collection of personal identifiable information, sharing of visit information with 3rd parties i.e. 3rd party cookies and similar techniques and the tracking of visits between different unrelated websites sorry DoubleClick, I don\'t like the fact that you do this . Of course, if you have explicit user consent no problem, but otherwise it should be a clear no-no. I am just hoping that good practice websites are not going to be caught up with the bad stuff, which is happening at present... Matt Clarke As someone heavily involved in analytics implementation, new features in the APIs appeal most to me. I\'m a big fan of event tracking, so the non-interactive event tracking addition was great, but some extra custom variables wouldn\'t go amiss, given that Premium users now get 50 compared to the mere five in the free version. A Google Analytics server-side import API would also be nice, as would the addition of some additional metrics to improve the quality of reporting. On the interface side, the enhancement of the brilliant new reports and dashboards tools with custom calculated metrics would be the icing on the cake. Graham Charlton is Editor at Econsultancy. Follow him on Twitter or connect via Linkedin or Google+ . Recommended reports Online Measurement and Strategy Report 2011 An analysis of the online measurement industry based on a survey of digital marketers. The 67-page report and 29-slide summary presentation contain valuable insights into the use of paid-for and free web analytics tools. Beyond web analytics, the report also looks at a range of data sources and information requirements, and the extent to which companies are able to develop a coherent measurement strategy. Alternatively, see our Ad Serving Buyer\'s Guide or Twitter for Business . Reader comments 27 Add your own Matt Clarke MSc Ecommerce Manager at Swell UK 3 44PM on 5th January 2012 Excellent point on the PII bit, Dan! Maybe we\'ll see a clarification to the terms of use this year Quite a few people seem to be using the utma cookie visitor ID or the transaction ID which are the same as a primary key allowing them to link their GA data to their CRM for offline analysis. However, although this is allowed in Premium GA, it\'s apparently not in the free version - though I\'ve seen a few people disputing this. If it were allowed, it would definitely take things to another level! Arguably, it\'s not storing anything else in GA, since the ID is the same as the one GA issued itself, and it\'s not really personally identifiable. Tom Hicks 4 50PM on 5th January 2012 Some interesting thoughts, some of which are mirroring my own. I personally can\'t see how this EU ruling is enforceable, and don\'t even think it will end up getting to that stage. Rob Willox 12 06AM on 6th January 2012 It would be comforting to believe that Tom Hicks is right and we can, ostrich like, just carry on regardless with no repercussions; but I\'m not so sure! Just as Matt Clarke highlighted very little seems to have been done to address the issue with very little information available to easily comply and that that has been published, like the ICO site itself, does not lend itself to a very pleasing customer experience and more likely to annoy than provide confidence. Ed Percival 9 09AM on 6th January 2012 If 95% of analytics is controlled by Google, then I\'d suggest that it is their job to get a sensible fix sorted out and applied globally. Kristoffer Ewald Platinum Group Head of Data Intelligence, Netbooster at Guava / Netbooster 9 11AM on 6th January 2012 I think the insights here are spot on but I can\'t help thinking it\'s a shame we\'re caught up in the PII discussions when the focus could be on the true innovation what will happen as Brian mentions btw. the lines when it becomes possible to mash data up from "off site data sources" - for me that\'s the next big innovation and it\'ll allow us to become able to understand how the actual audiences behave in both our owned media but also in paid even when there\'s no visit to our owned platforms and earned media. The ability to combine behavioural patterns with social demographics, sentiment and customer lifetime values off- and online will disrupt advertising, media and businesses. As Dan says "BI and web analytics will move closer together" - that\'s, to me, a very understated way of saying disruption - Happy New Year... /Kristoffer Ewald, Head of Data Intelligence, Guava/NB Group David Jarvis Platinum Online Director at Specialist Holidays Group - TUI Travel 9 48AM on 6th January 2012 Hmm, to my mind you guys aren\'t thinking big enough here. Nothing here much about - "Big" data - Demand side analytics driving supply side pricing & merchandising - Fusing qual with quant analytics + user experience - Conversion optimisation etc etc You "experts" need an upgrade DJ James Moody 10 48AM on 6th January 2012 I see Google Analytics pulling much of its latest services away from the free service in the next 24-36 months. Google is here to make money and once the majority of websites are reliant upon GA to develop their sites then Google will pull many of the most popular services and make them only accessible via Premium GA. Andrew Lloyd Gordon Silver Online Marketing Expert, Speaker and Trainer at New Terrain Limited 11 13AM on 6th January 2012 My hope for 2012 echoes Dan\'s point in that I wish more organisations would start using the data they have. Despite the obvious challenges from the EU, organisations already have powerful analytical tools at their disposal. The surprising, and often disappointing thing, is that the potential for continual change and improvement is rarely seized. Indeed, it\'s often a classic example of the \'Knowing-Doing Gap\' 0 Rob Mclaughlin Bronze European Web Analytics Specialist at Canon Europe 11 36AM on 6th January 2012 I\'m with David Jarvis on this. Aside from the Cookie situation these guys have failed to identify any serious trends and themes for 2011/2012. I\'m afraid talking and complainging about the tools is really not proper analyst thinking. Jonathan Kay Gold Managing Director at 120 Feet Ltd 11 54AM on 6th January 2012 Great thoughts and comments. Agree 100% that privacy and tracking will be a big issue in 2012. Though given how slowly and badly many companies coped with previous legislation leads me to agree with MC that many will simply wait and see before making significant changes. I\'m looking forward to working with clients and tying the online journey to call centre activity AdInsight etc to significantly boost ROI and conversion. Also, Tag Management should start to make our jobs easier so we can spend more time on planning and analysis and less on the tedious cycle of waiting several months to deploy changes. rob jackson Bronze UK Managing Director at Elisa Interactive Ltd 12 29PM on 6th January 2012 Interesting that you guys only mention Google Analtyics here. According to the E Consultancy 2012 Web Analytics Buyers guide IBM, Adobe and others are kind of a big deal too! GA made some great strides last year with more to come but it still has a way to go before it can claim to be the market leader. You can also count on IBM, Adobe and Webtrends to keep innovating too, making this a very interesting tech space in 2012. For me the biggest challenge in 2012 is not cookie laws. It is the same problem that businesses faced in 2011, 2010, 2009 etc... which is actually making use of the data they collect. A study by MIT recently found that only 17% of companies use more than 75% of the data they capture. Most clients we speak to have set their analytics up with little or no customisation and focus on their actual business model. If data is the new oil we are in need of a little refinement as an industry. Nate Smith 5 28PM on 6th January 2012 Is this part of a series...or was I misled by the title Maybe experts with vested interests in Adobe, IBM and Webtrends will get their turn next... rob jackson Bronze UK Managing Director at Elisa Interactive Ltd 5 35PM on 6th January 2012 Keen to hear your thoughts Rob M on what the 2012 trends will be. Graham Charlton Staff Editor at Econsultancy 5 39PM on 6th January 2012 @Rob Yes, there are a lot of mentions of GA, but this is because it is so popular, and the fact that Google has been pretty busy in this area recently. As Dan Barker mentions, there is a \'flaw\' in GA which means that other analytics tools are required for some customer tracking. @Nate We are vendor neutral here, but the experts were asked for their opinions on significant analytics trends, and this is the result. It is part of an \'ask the experts\' series, with other posts on search, e-commerce and social media. Google gets a few mentions in those too; Philippa Gamse Silver President at Total \'Net Value, Inc. 6 17PM on 6th January 2012 I\'m interested that you haven\'t talked much about the "not provided" organic keywords that Google is now blocking from searches done while logged into Google accounts. Perhaps this is because you\'re more UK focussed, but here in the US, I\'m seeing over 30% of keywords now not provided as common. That affects all analytics vendors, and the ability to understand visitor behaviour, including that within the "big flaw". Graham Charlton Staff Editor at Econsultancy 6 34PM on 6th January 2012 Hi Philippa, I was surprised as well. In fact, it was mentioned more in our 2012 search round up http //econsultancy.com/uk/blog/8578-2012-search-predictions-the-experts-view It is a big issue for us, especially as we are targeting the US as well as UK. We\'ve seen the effect on our analytics stats, and it\'s only going to get worse once this changes affects UK search traffic as well. Over the last month, 5.4% of our total visits were not provided , but when you look at the US traffic, it gets worse. For some posts, up to 33% of data is encrypted http //econsultancy.com/uk/blog/8263-the-horror-google-now-encrypts-up-to-33-of-search-referral-data Dan Barker, one of the experts quoted here, has a workaround for this which at least recovers some of the data http //econsultancy.com/uk/blog/8342-how-to-steal-some-not-provided-data-back-from-google Hope you find it useful. Richard Beaumont 11 14AM on 9th January 2012 Amazing to see that some commentators are still putting their heads in the sand about the cookie law. Technically, it is not difficult http //www.cookielaw.org The challenge of the law is to find new ways to get visitors to engage so they will provide consent. I think this will be a good thing for brands in the long run. Andrew Hood Platinum Managing Director at Lynchpin Analytics 5 49PM on 9th January 2012 A lot of good debate converging under a "web analytics" banner... and to be honest I\'m not quite sure what belongs under that banner any more, so it\'s a tough gig to do the crystal ball gazing. I suspect the convergence of web analytics and business intelligence hinted at above is much closer than commonly acknowledged. If you go to a BI conference or read a BI forum, they will be talking about actually using more of the data collected, better visualisations, mashing up data from multiple sources, predictive analytics, big data platforms, dynamic pricing etc etc.. All of these are important industry trends around managing data and driving business value from it, and while the sources might be different I struggle to see much real divergence in the underlying objectives and technologies. So what is left in the mix for "pure" web analytics trends 1. 2012 will be the year that we start to look at web analytics as ultimately being Just Another Data Source. The privacy legislation is a key catalyst for this because - like it or lump it - we now have to at the very least think carefully about exactly what we\'re capturing and why and the resulting quality of that data rather than just stockpiling it and hoping to make sense of it later. And looking at web analytics data in isolation is just not going to cut the mustard anymore. 2. Google does unavoidably make this sector unique notably there is no Google equivalent in the wider data industry , hence why the Big G keeps coming up in any web analytics commentary. However, I think the biggest technology trends in 2012 will or at least should be driven by how other vendors respond to the Google Analytics Premium proposition - unless Google themselves pull out another significant rabbit from the hat before the end of the year. "Data is the new oil" finite, volatile, political, polluting. Should be an exciting year anyway ;- David Brown Platinum Country Manager UK & Ireland at AT Internet 9 05AM on 10th January 2012 To follow on from Rob\'s comment, I should probably point out that although, "...Google Analytics now serves 95% of sites." that doesn\'t mean GA is the ONLY web analytics tool being used on those sites. I have worked for 3 of the major, paid-for web analytics companies and the majority of the clients at all three use GA in combination with other, more sophisticated tools. I\'m only trying to show that although GA is ubiquitous these days it doesn\'t own the market just yet. Jonathan Kay Gold Managing Director at 120 Feet Ltd 9 22AM on 10th January 2012 Love the quote from Andrew, "Data is the new oil finite, volatile, political, polluting." Rob Mclaughlin Bronze European Web Analytics Specialist at Canon Europe 9 37AM on 10th January 2012 My main themes for 2012 are as follows - All business areas will start to demand direct access to data and insights. As waves of young recruits arrive in existing functions they will demand statistics in a way which previous generations have not. Analysts will be challenged to empower and guide these individuals to ensure responsible analysis and interpretation of statistics. - Analytics related tools will continue to plummet in price for two reasons. Firstly, Google and its constantly improving free tools. Secondly, SMBs are requiring similar capabilities as large enterprises - vendors will see the benefit of many smaller clients vs. a few large ones. - SEO knowledge will continue to be democratised, partly by Google continuing to give us tools and knowledge to undestand it. Analysts will need to be able to cope with first line SEO challenges without recourse to specialists - \'Web analytics\' will grow up and be seen as just another source of BI. We will benefit from not being special and hopefully further distance ourselves from IT - \'Web analytics\' will enjoy being taken to the hearts of functions outside of marketing. It is time for supply chain, hr, finance etc to become serious stakeholders. My thoughts so far! David Brown Platinum Country Manager UK & Ireland at AT Internet 11 08AM on 10th January 2012 @Rob - funny you should mention "functions outside marketing". At AT Internet, we have noticed a trend with our enterprise clients where WA is increasingly owned by finance and not marketing. I believe this is a direct reflection of the importance WA data plays in management accounting. With that move in ownership, Web Analytics as such will cease to exist and just become another data-point in the larger BI/finance system. Mike O\'Neill 12 56PM on 10th January 2012 You can comply with the law and keep GA analytics including unique visitor statistics by only allowing cookies if visitors have agreed. You need a sophisticated client-side solution to do it though e.g. http //cookieconsent.org . This technique also allows you to keep 3rd party content in a compliant way, i.e by default no cookies are placed but visitors can give or withdraw their consent at any time. David Sealey Silver Senior eBusiness Consultant at Capgemini 6 16PM on 10th January 2012 IBM\'s CMO report showed that "big data" was a major headache for CMOs. In 2012 I hope to see web analytics tools getting better at coping with other business data. We enjoy superb UI\'s in the web analytics tools and if that simplicity could be combined with real business insights then we could be on to a winner. SoMoLo Social, Mobile and Local analytics are being heavily touted by Avinash Kaushik and I think this will have a larger part to play in enterprise web analytics. Finally the intelligence offered by web analytics will need to improve as they move from being data and information tools to being truly intelligent. Cookie laws are an unfortunate distraction to innovation at the moment in my opinion. Kelly Jones Silver Head of Content & Marketing at CIVIC 12 36PM on 11th January 2012 2012 will be the year of the return of server-side, IP-tracking analytics in the UK. Because most analytics software is cookie-based and an explicit permission will be required under the new cookie law for that to work, it will be much less useful than hitherto. I hope that Google introduce a cookie-less option and \'hook\' in their script that can look for an explicit opt-in. If their silence continues then we\'ll have no choice but to introduce another solution either in paralel with Google Analytics, or instead of it. Brian Clifton Silver Author, CEO & Web Metrics Strategist at Advanced Web Metrics 6 55PM on 12th January 2012 Market Share Data ---------------- Just to solidify the market share numbers that were banded around a tad too loosely in this article A 2011 study by St phane Hamel at Cardinal Path, revealed 64 percent of the top 500 U.S. retail sites and 45 percent of Fortune 500 companies use Google Analytics www.cardinalpath.com/web- analytics-vendors-market-share . A 2011 survey of 800 businesses 66 percent of them from the UK revealed that 86 percent are using Google for analytics compared to 66 percent just two years ago Online Measurement and Strategy Report 2011, Econsultancy.com . A 2010 study by Metric Mail who analyzed the pages of Alexa\'s Top 1 million domains by searching for the GATC text within pages, found Google Analytics had a 50% market share. http //metricmail.tumblr.com/post/904126172/google -analytics-market-share . You can find an updated snapshot of major brands using Google Analytics at www.advanced-web-metrics.com/who-uses- google-analytics. Brian Clifton Silver Author, CEO & Web Metrics Strategist at Advanced Web Metrics 7 11PM on 12th January 2012 Like others that have commented here, it is a little disappointing to hear people are focusing on PII as a limiting factor of any web analytics tool. It is, by far, a small segment of your traffic.... Typically, customers account for around 3-5% of your web traffic and that is being generous. Many, many sites languish in the 1-3% bracket . I consider "Customer Analytics" - that is, where you have the PII - as a separate, though obviously related, discipline to web analytics. For me, "Web Analytics" is about exploring the HUGE potential and possibilities of the other 95%+ of your traffic. I regularly see an enormous amount of money and resource spent on acquiring poor quality traffic. I also often see poorly built websites built around either what "looks good", "guess work", and what the "competition is doing". Few people make informed, data driven decisions. So focus on the bigger piece of the pie... Taking an e-commerce conversion rate from 3 to 4% - that is, taking an anonymous visitor and converting them into a tangible customer - often provides an increase in ROI that is orders of magnitude higher than anything that can be achieved with "Customer Analytics".... Consider this According to 2010 data from Forrester Research Inc. http //www.internetretailer.com/2010/09/28/key- profit-indicators-point , the average shopping cart abandonment rate for U.S. online retailers is 55 percent. In other words, the transaction revenue obtained by site owners is approximately half that customers are willing to, and are in the process of, spending. That is, on average U.S. retailers leave $1 of the money on the table for every $1 collected! It is an incredible amount of money when you consider that U.S. online retail is predicted to be worth $279 billion by 2015 http //techcrunch.com/2011/02/28/forrester-online- retail-industry-in-the-us-will-be-worth-279-billion- in-2015 . Enter your comment below Name Email Your email address will not be published URL optional Your name will link to this URL Your comment No HTML please Advertise here Popular Most commented Tags Most popular posts this month Four Seasons unveils $18m website 25 brilliant examples of Facebook brand pages Snickers \'hijacks\' Katie Price\'s Twitter account for PR stunt 11 dubious uses of QR codes The 21 most horrific social media facepalms of 2011 Five online advertising trends to expect in 2012 Most commented posts this month 11 dubious uses of QR codes 39 comments Four Seasons unveils $18m website 34 comments Is SEO really bad for the internet 19 comments Google adds social content from Google+ into search results 17 comments Google \'Search, plus Your World\' the experts\' view 16 comments Google+ reaches 100m users 14 comments Popular blog tags View all tags Apple 277 posts Big Media 307 posts Blogs and Blogging 342 posts Design 191 posts Facebook 518 posts Google 1193 posts Interviews 350 posts iphone 280 posts Microsoft 346 posts Research 294 posts Search 621 posts Shopping 501 posts Social Media 901 posts Startups 483 posts stats 345 posts TV 200 posts twitter 574 posts Video 345 posts Web 2.0 850 posts Yahoo 330 posts Advertise here Most Popular Reports Internet Marketing Strategy Briefing Internet Statistics Compendium Checkout Optimization Guide 70 ways to increase conversion rates Popular Report Topics Search Marketing - Organic/Natural SEO Social Media Web Analytics E-commerce User Experience and Usability Popular Training Topics User Experience and Usability Social Media E-commerce Email Marketing Affiliate Marketing Popular Event Topics Search Marketing - Organic/Natural SEO Social Media Multichannel Marketing User Experience and Usability E-commerce More Blog Press Releases Consulting Services Supplier Directory Member Directory Forums Econsultancy Labs About us Contact Press Center Advertising & Sponsorship Affiliates Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Site map Copyright 2012 E-consultancy.com Limited. All rights reserved. This material is for personal use only. Use of this website constitutes acceptance of the Econsultancy User Agreement and Privacy Policy .')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00888', 'lang "en-GB" xmlns fb "http //www.facebook.com/2008/fbml" xmlns og "http //opengraphprotocol.org/schema/"> Skip to content Member Log In Join Now Basket Contact Us Membership Why Join Econsultancy Pricing & Plans Reports Market Data Internet Statistics Survey Reports Infographics Template Files Web Project Templates Digital Marketing Templates Request For Proposals RFPs Business Cases Best Practice Best Practice Guides Beginner\'s Guides JUMP Magazine Trends & Innovation Innovation Report Trend Briefings Supplier Selection Buyer\'s Guides Event Presentations Training Courses Custom Training SkillSet Qualifications MSc in Digital Marketing Communications MSc in Internet Retailing Graduate Certificates Our Training Team Training Advice Why Train with Econsultancy Events Conferences Digital Cream Dubai Digital Cream New York Digital Cream San Jose JUMP 2012 New York Online Marketing Masterclass Digital Cream London Digital Cream B2B London Digital Cream Sydney JUMP 2012 London FUNNEL Past Conferences Social Events Innovation Awards 2012 Ceremony Digital Cream Dubai Drinks Reception Digital Cream New York Cocktail Reception Digital Vision @ SXSW Qualifications Open Evening - London Digital Nuts - Poker Tournament Past Social Events Briefings Innovation Awards Why enter Categories Judging Awards Ceremony 2011 Winners 2012 Shortlist Jobs View Jobs Post a Job Blog More About Econsultancy Press Releases Consulting Services Supplier Directory Member Directory Forums Best Practice Supplier Selection Other Topics Econsultancy Labs Project Arachnid Browse by topic Affiliate marketing B2B E-commerce & conversion Email marketing Mobile Online advertising Online PR Project management Search marketing SEO, PPC Social media Strategy & business planning User experience & design Web analytics & measurement Home Blog Web analytics in 2012 the experts\' view Print Posted 05 January 2012 14 58pm by Graham Charlton with 27 comments Tweet Tweet We\'ve already asked industry experts about what 2012 holds for search and e-commerce , now it\'s the turn of web analytics. 2011 was a busy year for Google Analytics updates, as well as the EU Privacy law, and our experts identify the issues to look out for in the next 12 months... What were the most significant trends in web analytics last year Brian Clifton , Founder of Advanced-Web-Metrics.com The biggest change by far has been the introduction of the EU Privacy Law that came into effect on 25th May 2011. It wasn\'t a great surprise as privacy has been bubbling below the surface of our industry for the last five years see my post Five Predictions For Web Analytics in 2011 , but how this law has been interpreted did shock the web analytics world, at least across Europe. Sadly, the ICO the Independent Commissioner s Office, who in the UK are responsible for providing guidance and enforce this law has taken the view that benign web tracking, that is, anonymous and aggregate visit data collected by tools such as Google Analytics, are not allowed to do so without explicit consent of the visitor. That means you force an ugly and intrusive pop-up window or similar notice asking your visitors for consent. The ICO has done this see the top banner of their site and seen a drop of 90% in the traffic they are able to measure. Imagine the impact that would have on an e-commerce site, 90% of your data suddenly lost! Clearly this is wrong. The focus needs to be on the abusers of online tracking, not people following best practice. This will rumble on throughout 2012 for sure... Matt Clarke , E-commerce manager As a Google Analytics end user, 2011 has included a mixture of really annoying things missing data, sampled data, missing keywords , and some really innovative things. The GA team has certainly been very busy and it\'s been hard to keep track of the many new additions they\'ve made to the tool. In just 12 months we\'ve seen the introduction of site speed metrics, social media metrics, the brilliant multi-channel funnels, improved dashboards and reports, flow analysis and code improvements to event tracking and the API. Not to mention Google Analytics Premium , for those big enough to afford it. Dan Barker , E-business consultant The Google Analytics updates have been great. They\'ve updated more this year than in the last few years combined. I think the move toward \'multi-visit\' analysis is really nice, and that will only continue. Pulling in different types of \'off-site\' data is also really interesting, and I\'d bet that gets extended much further. From my point of view a really nice trend over the last year is that more of the people I work with have gone from asking "how do we set up reports " to "what can we do with this data " My dad published a Kindle book this year after having realised there was an audience for it on the basis of his Google Analytics data. It\'s brilliant to see lots of people actually using all this amazing data that\'s available. What\'s on the horizon for 2012 Matt Clarke The thing that\'s going to be on the mind of everyone who operates a site in the EU is the forthcoming cookie legislation, which is due to be enforced from May. I\'m sure some agencies will gain new business by offering cookie audits, policies and tools to obtain permission, but I think it remains to be seen how many will even bother to implement anything, particularly initially. I think many are likely to see what their competitors do and look at the methods being used to obtain permission, as those proposed so far haven\'t been great. It would be nice if this problem could simply be passed back to the browser developers, but I don\'t think that\'s going to happen. The analytics tool vendors have also been very quiet on the issue. I\'m hoping that it will be possible that we\'ll be able to avoid prosecution by taking fairly simple measures that don\'t significantly harm the user experience. Brian Clifton I think 2012 could be the year that the long standing issue of integrating offsite metrics with onsite metrics comes of age. The big offsite metrics questions are what people and how many are saying about you away from your website i.e. social media. Because this happens offsite and in many disparate systems/networks, its measurement and correlation with what happens on your site, has so far, not been an easy task to achieve. Dan Barker The \'cookie law\' again , mobile, and social analytics will be big topics next year. I think multichannel analytics and \'predictive analytics\' will start to go mainstream too, and that automation based on analytics data will become a bit easier. There\'s an odd situation in the web analytics market at the moment, in that Google Analytics now serves 95% of sites. The big \'flaw\' in Google Analytics is that it doesn\'t let you track personally identifiable information, so you can\'t use it to answer even simple questions like "who were my biggest customers this year, what\'s bringing them to the website, and how often are they visiting ". To get those answers, you either have to move to a very niche web analytics tool, or pay mid/high five figures. Someone is bound to fix that soon, as it\'s a problem that exists for almost every website, and it\'s weird that the bulk of web analytics is so far away from being customer-centric at the moment. BI & web analytics will keep moving closer together, and by the end of the year, someone will have used the words \'big data\' on Question Time, and the cast of TOWIE will have had a punch up over the merits of NoSQL. What\'s on your wish list for 2012 Brian Clifton I hope that a better understanding of privacy, in the eyes of the law, solidifies in 2012. Privacy is a big issue for anyone online, it is simply too easy at present for this to be abused and a couple of high profile cases could really harm the ability of website owners to collect the benign stuff. Bad practice has to go, so in general the new EU Privacy Law is a good thing. Bad practice includes the surreptitious collection of personal identifiable information, sharing of visit information with 3rd parties i.e. 3rd party cookies and similar techniques and the tracking of visits between different unrelated websites sorry DoubleClick, I don\'t like the fact that you do this . Of course, if you have explicit user consent no problem, but otherwise it should be a clear no-no. I am just hoping that good practice websites are not going to be caught up with the bad stuff, which is happening at present... Matt Clarke As someone heavily involved in analytics implementation, new features in the APIs appeal most to me. I\'m a big fan of event tracking, so the non-interactive event tracking addition was great, but some extra custom variables wouldn\'t go amiss, given that Premium users now get 50 compared to the mere five in the free version. A Google Analytics server-side import API would also be nice, as would the addition of some additional metrics to improve the quality of reporting. On the interface side, the enhancement of the brilliant new reports and dashboards tools with custom calculated metrics would be the icing on the cake. Graham Charlton is Editor at Econsultancy. Follow him on Twitter or connect via Linkedin or Google+ . Recommended reports Online Measurement and Strategy Report 2011 An analysis of the online measurement industry based on a survey of digital marketers. The 67-page report and 29-slide summary presentation contain valuable insights into the use of paid-for and free web analytics tools. Beyond web analytics, the report also looks at a range of data sources and information requirements, and the extent to which companies are able to develop a coherent measurement strategy. Alternatively, see our Ad Serving Buyer\'s Guide or Twitter for Business . Reader comments 27 Add your own Matt Clarke MSc Ecommerce Manager at Swell UK 3 44PM on 5th January 2012 Excellent point on the PII bit, Dan! Maybe we\'ll see a clarification to the terms of use this year Quite a few people seem to be using the utma cookie visitor ID or the transaction ID which are the same as a primary key allowing them to link their GA data to their CRM for offline analysis. However, although this is allowed in Premium GA, it\'s apparently not in the free version - though I\'ve seen a few people disputing this. If it were allowed, it would definitely take things to another level! Arguably, it\'s not storing anything else in GA, since the ID is the same as the one GA issued itself, and it\'s not really personally identifiable. Tom Hicks 4 50PM on 5th January 2012 Some interesting thoughts, some of which are mirroring my own. I personally can\'t see how this EU ruling is enforceable, and don\'t even think it will end up getting to that stage. Rob Willox 12 06AM on 6th January 2012 It would be comforting to believe that Tom Hicks is right and we can, ostrich like, just carry on regardless with no repercussions; but I\'m not so sure! Just as Matt Clarke highlighted very little seems to have been done to address the issue with very little information available to easily comply and that that has been published, like the ICO site itself, does not lend itself to a very pleasing customer experience and more likely to annoy than provide confidence. Ed Percival 9 09AM on 6th January 2012 If 95% of analytics is controlled by Google, then I\'d suggest that it is their job to get a sensible fix sorted out and applied globally. Kristoffer Ewald Platinum Group Head of Data Intelligence, Netbooster at Guava / Netbooster 9 11AM on 6th January 2012 I think the insights here are spot on but I can\'t help thinking it\'s a shame we\'re caught up in the PII discussions when the focus could be on the true innovation what will happen as Brian mentions btw. the lines when it becomes possible to mash data up from "off site data sources" - for me that\'s the next big innovation and it\'ll allow us to become able to understand how the actual audiences behave in both our owned media but also in paid even when there\'s no visit to our owned platforms and earned media. The ability to combine behavioural patterns with social demographics, sentiment and customer lifetime values off- and online will disrupt advertising, media and businesses. As Dan says "BI and web analytics will move closer together" - that\'s, to me, a very understated way of saying disruption - Happy New Year... /Kristoffer Ewald, Head of Data Intelligence, Guava/NB Group David Jarvis Platinum Online Director at Specialist Holidays Group - TUI Travel 9 48AM on 6th January 2012 Hmm, to my mind you guys aren\'t thinking big enough here. Nothing here much about - "Big" data - Demand side analytics driving supply side pricing & merchandising - Fusing qual with quant analytics + user experience - Conversion optimisation etc etc You "experts" need an upgrade DJ James Moody 10 48AM on 6th January 2012 I see Google Analytics pulling much of its latest services away from the free service in the next 24-36 months. Google is here to make money and once the majority of websites are reliant upon GA to develop their sites then Google will pull many of the most popular services and make them only accessible via Premium GA. Andrew Lloyd Gordon Silver Online Marketing Expert, Speaker and Trainer at New Terrain Limited 11 13AM on 6th January 2012 My hope for 2012 echoes Dan\'s point in that I wish more organisations would start using the data they have. Despite the obvious challenges from the EU, organisations already have powerful analytical tools at their disposal. The surprising, and often disappointing thing, is that the potential for continual change and improvement is rarely seized. Indeed, it\'s often a classic example of the \'Knowing-Doing Gap\' 0 Rob Mclaughlin Bronze European Web Analytics Specialist at Canon Europe 11 36AM on 6th January 2012 I\'m with David Jarvis on this. Aside from the Cookie situation these guys have failed to identify any serious trends and themes for 2011/2012. I\'m afraid talking and complainging about the tools is really not proper analyst thinking. Jonathan Kay Gold Managing Director at 120 Feet Ltd 11 54AM on 6th January 2012 Great thoughts and comments. Agree 100% that privacy and tracking will be a big issue in 2012. Though given how slowly and badly many companies coped with previous legislation leads me to agree with MC that many will simply wait and see before making significant changes. I\'m looking forward to working with clients and tying the online journey to call centre activity AdInsight etc to significantly boost ROI and conversion. Also, Tag Management should start to make our jobs easier so we can spend more time on planning and analysis and less on the tedious cycle of waiting several months to deploy changes. rob jackson Bronze UK Managing Director at Elisa Interactive Ltd 12 29PM on 6th January 2012 Interesting that you guys only mention Google Analtyics here. According to the E Consultancy 2012 Web Analytics Buyers guide IBM, Adobe and others are kind of a big deal too! GA made some great strides last year with more to come but it still has a way to go before it can claim to be the market leader. You can also count on IBM, Adobe and Webtrends to keep innovating too, making this a very interesting tech space in 2012. For me the biggest challenge in 2012 is not cookie laws. It is the same problem that businesses faced in 2011, 2010, 2009 etc... which is actually making use of the data they collect. A study by MIT recently found that only 17% of companies use more than 75% of the data they capture. Most clients we speak to have set their analytics up with little or no customisation and focus on their actual business model. If data is the new oil we are in need of a little refinement as an industry. Nate Smith 5 28PM on 6th January 2012 Is this part of a series...or was I misled by the title Maybe experts with vested interests in Adobe, IBM and Webtrends will get their turn next... rob jackson Bronze UK Managing Director at Elisa Interactive Ltd 5 35PM on 6th January 2012 Keen to hear your thoughts Rob M on what the 2012 trends will be. Graham Charlton Staff Editor at Econsultancy 5 39PM on 6th January 2012 @Rob Yes, there are a lot of mentions of GA, but this is because it is so popular, and the fact that Google has been pretty busy in this area recently. As Dan Barker mentions, there is a \'flaw\' in GA which means that other analytics tools are required for some customer tracking. @Nate We are vendor neutral here, but the experts were asked for their opinions on significant analytics trends, and this is the result. It is part of an \'ask the experts\' series, with other posts on search, e-commerce and social media. Google gets a few mentions in those too; Philippa Gamse Silver President at Total \'Net Value, Inc. 6 17PM on 6th January 2012 I\'m interested that you haven\'t talked much about the "not provided" organic keywords that Google is now blocking from searches done while logged into Google accounts. Perhaps this is because you\'re more UK focussed, but here in the US, I\'m seeing over 30% of keywords now not provided as common. That affects all analytics vendors, and the ability to understand visitor behaviour, including that within the "big flaw". Graham Charlton Staff Editor at Econsultancy 6 34PM on 6th January 2012 Hi Philippa, I was surprised as well. In fact, it was mentioned more in our 2012 search round up http //econsultancy.com/uk/blog/8578-2012-search-predictions-the-experts-view It is a big issue for us, especially as we are targeting the US as well as UK. We\'ve seen the effect on our analytics stats, and it\'s only going to get worse once this changes affects UK search traffic as well. Over the last month, 5.4% of our total visits were not provided , but when you look at the US traffic, it gets worse. For some posts, up to 33% of data is encrypted http //econsultancy.com/uk/blog/8263-the-horror-google-now-encrypts-up-to-33-of-search-referral-data Dan Barker, one of the experts quoted here, has a workaround for this which at least recovers some of the data http //econsultancy.com/uk/blog/8342-how-to-steal-some-not-provided-data-back-from-google Hope you find it useful. Richard Beaumont 11 14AM on 9th January 2012 Amazing to see that some commentators are still putting their heads in the sand about the cookie law. Technically, it is not difficult http //www.cookielaw.org The challenge of the law is to find new ways to get visitors to engage so they will provide consent. I think this will be a good thing for brands in the long run. Andrew Hood Platinum Managing Director at Lynchpin Analytics 5 49PM on 9th January 2012 A lot of good debate converging under a "web analytics" banner... and to be honest I\'m not quite sure what belongs under that banner any more, so it\'s a tough gig to do the crystal ball gazing. I suspect the convergence of web analytics and business intelligence hinted at above is much closer than commonly acknowledged. If you go to a BI conference or read a BI forum, they will be talking about actually using more of the data collected, better visualisations, mashing up data from multiple sources, predictive analytics, big data platforms, dynamic pricing etc etc.. All of these are important industry trends around managing data and driving business value from it, and while the sources might be different I struggle to see much real divergence in the underlying objectives and technologies. So what is left in the mix for "pure" web analytics trends 1. 2012 will be the year that we start to look at web analytics as ultimately being Just Another Data Source. The privacy legislation is a key catalyst for this because - like it or lump it - we now have to at the very least think carefully about exactly what we\'re capturing and why and the resulting quality of that data rather than just stockpiling it and hoping to make sense of it later. And looking at web analytics data in isolation is just not going to cut the mustard anymore. 2. Google does unavoidably make this sector unique notably there is no Google equivalent in the wider data industry , hence why the Big G keeps coming up in any web analytics commentary. However, I think the biggest technology trends in 2012 will or at least should be driven by how other vendors respond to the Google Analytics Premium proposition - unless Google themselves pull out another significant rabbit from the hat before the end of the year. "Data is the new oil" finite, volatile, political, polluting. Should be an exciting year anyway ;- David Brown Platinum Country Manager UK & Ireland at AT Internet 9 05AM on 10th January 2012 To follow on from Rob\'s comment, I should probably point out that although, "...Google Analytics now serves 95% of sites." that doesn\'t mean GA is the ONLY web analytics tool being used on those sites. I have worked for 3 of the major, paid-for web analytics companies and the majority of the clients at all three use GA in combination with other, more sophisticated tools. I\'m only trying to show that although GA is ubiquitous these days it doesn\'t own the market just yet. Jonathan Kay Gold Managing Director at 120 Feet Ltd 9 22AM on 10th January 2012 Love the quote from Andrew, "Data is the new oil finite, volatile, political, polluting." Rob Mclaughlin Bronze European Web Analytics Specialist at Canon Europe 9 37AM on 10th January 2012 My main themes for 2012 are as follows - All business areas will start to demand direct access to data and insights. As waves of young recruits arrive in existing functions they will demand statistics in a way which previous generations have not. Analysts will be challenged to empower and guide these individuals to ensure responsible analysis and interpretation of statistics. - Analytics related tools will continue to plummet in price for two reasons. Firstly, Google and its constantly improving free tools. Secondly, SMBs are requiring similar capabilities as large enterprises - vendors will see the benefit of many smaller clients vs. a few large ones. - SEO knowledge will continue to be democratised, partly by Google continuing to give us tools and knowledge to undestand it. Analysts will need to be able to cope with first line SEO challenges without recourse to specialists - \'Web analytics\' will grow up and be seen as just another source of BI. We will benefit from not being special and hopefully further distance ourselves from IT - \'Web analytics\' will enjoy being taken to the hearts of functions outside of marketing. It is time for supply chain, hr, finance etc to become serious stakeholders. My thoughts so far! David Brown Platinum Country Manager UK & Ireland at AT Internet 11 08AM on 10th January 2012 @Rob - funny you should mention "functions outside marketing". At AT Internet, we have noticed a trend with our enterprise clients where WA is increasingly owned by finance and not marketing. I believe this is a direct reflection of the importance WA data plays in management accounting. With that move in ownership, Web Analytics as such will cease to exist and just become another data-point in the larger BI/finance system. Mike O\'Neill 12 56PM on 10th January 2012 You can comply with the law and keep GA analytics including unique visitor statistics by only allowing cookies if visitors have agreed. You need a sophisticated client-side solution to do it though e.g. http //cookieconsent.org . This technique also allows you to keep 3rd party content in a compliant way, i.e by default no cookies are placed but visitors can give or withdraw their consent at any time. David Sealey Silver Senior eBusiness Consultant at Capgemini 6 16PM on 10th January 2012 IBM\'s CMO report showed that "big data" was a major headache for CMOs. In 2012 I hope to see web analytics tools getting better at coping with other business data. We enjoy superb UI\'s in the web analytics tools and if that simplicity could be combined with real business insights then we could be on to a winner. SoMoLo Social, Mobile and Local analytics are being heavily touted by Avinash Kaushik and I think this will have a larger part to play in enterprise web analytics. Finally the intelligence offered by web analytics will need to improve as they move from being data and information tools to being truly intelligent. Cookie laws are an unfortunate distraction to innovation at the moment in my opinion. Kelly Jones Silver Head of Content & Marketing at CIVIC 12 36PM on 11th January 2012 2012 will be the year of the return of server-side, IP-tracking analytics in the UK. Because most analytics software is cookie-based and an explicit permission will be required under the new cookie law for that to work, it will be much less useful than hitherto. I hope that Google introduce a cookie-less option and \'hook\' in their script that can look for an explicit opt-in. If their silence continues then we\'ll have no choice but to introduce another solution either in paralel with Google Analytics, or instead of it. Brian Clifton Silver Author, CEO & Web Metrics Strategist at Advanced Web Metrics 6 55PM on 12th January 2012 Market Share Data ---------------- Just to solidify the market share numbers that were banded around a tad too loosely in this article A 2011 study by St phane Hamel at Cardinal Path, revealed 64 percent of the top 500 U.S. retail sites and 45 percent of Fortune 500 companies use Google Analytics www.cardinalpath.com/web- analytics-vendors-market-share . A 2011 survey of 800 businesses 66 percent of them from the UK revealed that 86 percent are using Google for analytics compared to 66 percent just two years ago Online Measurement and Strategy Report 2011, Econsultancy.com . A 2010 study by Metric Mail who analyzed the pages of Alexa\'s Top 1 million domains by searching for the GATC text within pages, found Google Analytics had a 50% market share. http //metricmail.tumblr.com/post/904126172/google -analytics-market-share . You can find an updated snapshot of major brands using Google Analytics at www.advanced-web-metrics.com/who-uses- google-analytics. Brian Clifton Silver Author, CEO & Web Metrics Strategist at Advanced Web Metrics 7 11PM on 12th January 2012 Like others that have commented here, it is a little disappointing to hear people are focusing on PII as a limiting factor of any web analytics tool. It is, by far, a small segment of your traffic.... Typically, customers account for around 3-5% of your web traffic and that is being generous. Many, many sites languish in the 1-3% bracket . I consider "Customer Analytics" - that is, where you have the PII - as a separate, though obviously related, discipline to web analytics. For me, "Web Analytics" is about exploring the HUGE potential and possibilities of the other 95%+ of your traffic. I regularly see an enormous amount of money and resource spent on acquiring poor quality traffic. I also often see poorly built websites built around either what "looks good", "guess work", and what the "competition is doing". Few people make informed, data driven decisions. So focus on the bigger piece of the pie... Taking an e-commerce conversion rate from 3 to 4% - that is, taking an anonymous visitor and converting them into a tangible customer - often provides an increase in ROI that is orders of magnitude higher than anything that can be achieved with "Customer Analytics".... Consider this According to 2010 data from Forrester Research Inc. http //www.internetretailer.com/2010/09/28/key- profit-indicators-point , the average shopping cart abandonment rate for U.S. online retailers is 55 percent. In other words, the transaction revenue obtained by site owners is approximately half that customers are willing to, and are in the process of, spending. That is, on average U.S. retailers leave $1 of the money on the table for every $1 collected! It is an incredible amount of money when you consider that U.S. online retail is predicted to be worth $279 billion by 2015 http //techcrunch.com/2011/02/28/forrester-online- retail-industry-in-the-us-will-be-worth-279-billion- in-2015 . Enter your comment below Name Email Your email address will not be published URL optional Your name will link to this URL Your comment No HTML please Advertise here Popular Most commented Tags Most popular posts this month Four Seasons unveils $18m website 25 brilliant examples of Facebook brand pages Snickers \'hijacks\' Katie Price\'s Twitter account for PR stunt 11 dubious uses of QR codes The 21 most horrific social media facepalms of 2011 Five online advertising trends to expect in 2012 Most commented posts this month 11 dubious uses of QR codes 39 comments Four Seasons unveils $18m website 34 comments Is SEO really bad for the internet 19 comments Google adds social content from Google+ into search results 17 comments Google \'Search, plus Your World\' the experts\' view 16 comments Google+ reaches 100m users 14 comments Popular blog tags View all tags Apple 277 posts Big Media 307 posts Blogs and Blogging 342 posts Design 191 posts Facebook 518 posts Google 1193 posts Interviews 350 posts iphone 280 posts Microsoft 346 posts Research 294 posts Search 621 posts Shopping 501 posts Social Media 901 posts Startups 483 posts stats 345 posts TV 200 posts twitter 574 posts Video 345 posts Web 2.0 850 posts Yahoo 330 posts Advertise here Most Popular Reports Internet Marketing Strategy Briefing Internet Statistics Compendium Checkout Optimization Guide 70 ways to increase conversion rates Popular Report Topics Search Marketing - Organic/Natural SEO Social Media Web Analytics E-commerce User Experience and Usability Popular Training Topics User Experience and Usability Social Media E-commerce Email Marketing Affiliate Marketing Popular Event Topics Search Marketing - Organic/Natural SEO Social Media Multichannel Marketing User Experience and Usability E-commerce More Blog Press Releases Consulting Services Supplier Directory Member Directory Forums Econsultancy Labs About us Contact Press Center Advertising & Sponsorship Affiliates Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Site map Copyright 2012 E-consultancy.com Limited. All rights reserved. This material is for personal use only. Use of this website constitutes acceptance of the Econsultancy User Agreement and Privacy Policy .')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00889', 'lang "en-GB" xmlns fb "http //www.facebook.com/2008/fbml" xmlns og "http //opengraphprotocol.org/schema/"> Skip to content Member Log In Join Now Basket Contact Us Membership Why Join Econsultancy Pricing & Plans Reports Market Data Internet Statistics Survey Reports Infographics Template Files Web Project Templates Digital Marketing Templates Request For Proposals RFPs Business Cases Best Practice Best Practice Guides Beginner\'s Guides JUMP Magazine Trends & Innovation Innovation Report Trend Briefings Supplier Selection Buyer\'s Guides Event Presentations Training Courses Custom Training SkillSet Qualifications MSc in Digital Marketing Communications MSc in Internet Retailing Graduate Certificates Our Training Team Training Advice Why Train with Econsultancy Events Conferences Digital Cream Dubai Digital Cream New York Digital Cream San Jose JUMP 2012 New York Online Marketing Masterclass Digital Cream London Digital Cream B2B London Digital Cream Sydney JUMP 2012 London FUNNEL Past Conferences Social Events Innovation Awards 2012 Ceremony Digital Cream Dubai Drinks Reception Digital Cream New York Cocktail Reception Digital Vision @ SXSW Qualifications Open Evening - London Digital Nuts - Poker Tournament Past Social Events Briefings Innovation Awards Why enter Categories Judging Awards Ceremony 2011 Winners 2012 Shortlist Jobs View Jobs Post a Job Blog More About Econsultancy Press Releases Consulting Services Supplier Directory Member Directory Forums Best Practice Supplier Selection Other Topics Econsultancy Labs Project Arachnid Browse by topic Affiliate marketing B2B E-commerce & conversion Email marketing Mobile Online advertising Online PR Project management Search marketing SEO, PPC Social media Strategy & business planning User experience & design Web analytics & measurement Home Blog How to identify and fix Google Panda in 2012 Print Posted 10 February 2012 09 38am by Stephen Croome with 7 comments Tweet Tweet Google s Panda update was a direct attack on bad content, which comes in many different flavours, including duplicate, weak, thin and template. Panda acts like a domain wide penalty, so your whole site is affected and your good pages are dragged down by your bad pages. This is a guide on how to find and fix Google\'s Panda algorithm update, based on our Panda fighting experience at SEOgadget in 2011. Panda basics Panda is about dealing with bad content, not bad links. Bad content comes in different flavours duplicate, weak, thin and template Panda acts like a domain wide penalty your whole site is affected and your good stuff is dragged down by your bad stuff Web crawler accessibility issues affect how search engines see, and therefore assess, your content. Often, badly designed Information Architectures compound the problems with already week content Large sites that have many pages, templated content and lots of sub-categories are the most at risk. If you haven t been monitoring and fixing your accessibility issues, as highlighted in Google Webmaster Tools, you are at risk. Panda examples All of these examples are from the UK, mostly from the employment and gift sectors Classic Panda We use Searchmetric \'s SEO visibility score to find out just when sites got hit, or recovered from Panda, There are three dates that stick out in the UK data Early April was the big UK introduction of Panda. There is a smaller inflection in July. There is a bigger inflection in October. Proof that doing nothing will not help you You can see in this graph that they are trying to fix their Panda issues but haven t yet bitten the bullet and made the leap they need to I know these guys well. They have no idea this data exists or anything about panda, but they have done OK. One might argue that they are OK because they couldn t care less about SEO and have a product that people like It would be easy to attribute this to Panda, but this looks more like developer or general website issues One of my favourites from the Employment industry, which clearly shows winners and losers I love the green line. Did they even know they had benefited from Google Panda Did they think they had done something to deserve the new traffic Was it all Champagne, cocaine and cash bonuses and then three months later, the next panda update smacks them With Panda thinning out sites in a vertical, it creates a false sense of success for the winners, as they themselves may be next in line for the chopping block... The blue line benefits from the first Panda update and then it looks like they get hit by Panda a few months later, but I don t think that s Panda, I think that s development gone wrong. Panda smacks and recovery are one day to the next, not across a number of weeks. The other effect of Panda the big brands got bigger Given this graph, where would you go to look for examples of sites that are being rewarded by Google Panda Find the websites that benefitted from Panda and look at their content, as that is now the new minimum level of content quality in your industry. Panda recovery This data is for Prezzybox , who we worked with. Panda recovery is possible, but a lot of unplanned, un-budgeted blood, sweat, tears and money went into that dip and recovering the traffic. The SEO visibility metric is a proprietary metric, but I asked Steve Overton from Searchmetrics if he could give us some more insight into it and he has explained the algorithm behind it Observations from fighting Panda Panda is confusing if you are not on top of your data and industry news. There were so many updates it becomes easy to blame everything bad on Panda. Conversely there are sites which benefitted from Panda but did not attribute it. When we started exploring how to fix Panda, we moved quite conservatively. Now we suggest that people take strong, decisive action in resolving issues . Google Panda doesn t fix itself, you have to fix it. It will take time, money and effort. It also requires a change in how you see your online business. You can make this whole process a lot easier on your business if you put a person in charge of content, and give them a budget and developer time. The advice is quite simple, concentrated around a few key areas. The implementation is where companies fall down. Fixing Panda is not complex, but it does require a lot of work. How to fix Panda Duplicate content Give someone the responsibility to hunt down duplicate content. Use Google Webmaster tools or SEOmoz tools or Xenu or an IIS crawl or whatever people suggest in the blog comments . It s not tough to do, it just requires some concentrated effort Solve duplicate content issues with rel canonical. Here are seven short videos of Google s Matt Cutts talking about different aspects of implementing rel canonical . Thin content If you have a section that is just thin templated content, it is hurting the good contents ability to rank. Be strong and cut the crap or add to your content to improve it. Cutting the crap 404 a bad section or area and after the pages have dropped out of the index, 301 them somewhere good so you don t lose any incoming link juice. This is potentially the biggest win. SEOmoz has a good guide to 301s , including links to references for 301s under Apache and IIS. Making your content great There is no getting around the fact that time and effort is needed here. Someone in your organisation needs the time and responsibility to sit down and create great content or manage the creation process via third party writers. I believe that great content requires both qualitative and quantitative research and a knowledgably person to knit it together to suit both users and search engines. Here is my guide on taking mediocre content and making it great content and an overview from our work on Panda on how Google might interpret content quality signals. Templated content Write content, hire interns or find people in cheaper parts of the world. Many companies are unnecessarily precious about their content and ultimately this ends up hurting more than helping them. Elance , Odesk and Copify all work for building out content. Remember, you now have a person responsible for content quality who will oversee this . Accessibility issues Run an IIS crawl to find your accessibility issues IIS is easier to use than you think . Here is an example list of errors from an IIS crawl. This becomes your plan of attack for clearing up accessibility issues You will end up with a list of issues and the urls where those issues are occurring, to be able to go and fix them. Three key takeaways The world is not as it once was . Crap websites trying to masquerade as decent websites are being hunted down and sunk below the quality line. Google owes you nothing. Tactics to just barely raise your quality enough to recover your rankings are unlikely to pay dividends. You may well find yourself a loser again the next time the quality bar is raised. Google is judging you. Google is going to continue to raise the quality bar with future updates. When your competitors improve their websites, you will be weakest and in line for the chop at the next quality update. I hope this post helps you decide to build great content today, so you dont have to deal with the fallout from bad content tomorrow. Image credit tanakawho via Flickr Stephen Croome is Head of SEO Delivery at SEOgadget and a guest blogger on Econsultancy. Recommended reports SEO Best Practice Index Inclusion The SEO Best Practice Index Inclusion Guide is part of Econsultancy\'s renowned SEO Best Practice Guide and is has been created with the help and frontline insight of globally-esteemed SEO practitioners, in order to give you the edge in your natural search marketing activity. Alternatively, see our SEMPO State of Search Marketing Report 2011 or SEO Agencies Buyer s Guide . Reader comments 7 Add your own Chris Hughes 10 08AM on 10th February 2012 Good Post, this was some very interesting reading, I agree with "cutting crap" its hard to accept but it is a must. Felipe09 11 19AM on 10th February 2012 Believe it or not the impact of Panda on my client\'s websites was minimal if any. I\'ve always stuck the basics of SEO and continue to do so. Good, unique and worthy content that is what makes a website successful, oh yeah and links. And I believe this article highlights all that. Alice Morgan Silver SEO and content strategy consultant - German-speaking at My own company 1 41PM on 10th February 2012 I preach this message a lot, but it\'s always really useful to have what you\'re saying endorsed by experts out there. Thank you! Dylan Harrington Bronze Marketing Executive at The Slice 1 42PM on 10th February 2012 "Often, badly designed Information Architectures compound the problems with already week content " Apparently easily done! Nick Stamoulis 2 54PM on 10th February 2012 The panda update was a reminder that quality beats quantity every time. I\'d caution against hiring an intern or a foreign writer to handle your content. It may be cheap, but you get what you pay for. Joanna Pieters Silver Founder at Alpha Content 3 05PM on 10th February 2012 You may be right that \'Many companies are unnecessarily precious about their content\', but I\'m not sure that\'s the real problem. I\'d say that they\'re precious about the wrong things. Companies should be precious, demanding, insistent on really good content. But that\'s content that\'s absolutely right for their customer. It\'s not stuff that makes the board feel good. Stephen Croome Bronze Head of SEO Operations at SEOGadget 5 05PM on 10th February 2012 Thanks for the comments, I really appreciate them Nick I agree, you need to be careful, and there should be someone on the client side who checks the content as part of the content delivery process Joanna Yup, Im with you there, reducing decisions based on ego and increasing the ones based on data would help a lot of people who have fallen foul of Panda S Enter your comment below Name Email Your email address will not be published URL optional Your name will link to this URL Your comment No HTML please Advertise here Popular Most commented Tags Most popular posts this month Four Seasons unveils $18m website 25 brilliant examples of Facebook brand pages Snickers \'hijacks\' Katie Price\'s Twitter account for PR stunt 11 dubious uses of QR codes The 21 most horrific social media facepalms of 2011 Five online advertising trends to expect in 2012 Most commented posts this month 11 dubious uses of QR codes 39 comments Four Seasons unveils $18m website 34 comments Is SEO really bad for the internet 19 comments Google adds social content from Google+ into search results 17 comments Google \'Search, plus Your World\' the experts\' view 16 comments Google+ reaches 100m users 14 comments Popular blog tags View all tags Apple 277 posts Big Media 307 posts Blogs and Blogging 342 posts Design 191 posts Facebook 518 posts Google 1193 posts Interviews 350 posts iphone 280 posts Microsoft 346 posts Research 294 posts Search 621 posts Shopping 501 posts Social Media 901 posts Startups 483 posts stats 345 posts TV 200 posts twitter 574 posts Video 345 posts Web 2.0 850 posts Yahoo 330 posts Advertise here Twitter buzz Tweet No recent tweets to display Most Popular Reports Internet Marketing Strategy Briefing Internet Statistics Compendium Checkout Optimization Guide 70 ways to increase conversion rates Popular Report Topics Search Marketing - Organic/Natural SEO Social Media Web Analytics E-commerce User Experience and Usability Popular Training Topics User Experience and Usability Social Media E-commerce Email Marketing Affiliate Marketing Popular Event Topics Search Marketing - Organic/Natural SEO Social Media Multichannel Marketing User Experience and Usability E-commerce More Blog Press Releases Consulting Services Supplier Directory Member Directory Forums Econsultancy Labs About us Contact Press Center Advertising & Sponsorship Affiliates Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Site map Copyright 2012 E-consultancy.com Limited. All rights reserved. This material is for personal use only. Use of this website constitutes acceptance of the Econsultancy User Agreement and Privacy Policy .')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00890', 'lang "en-GB" xmlns fb "http //www.facebook.com/2008/fbml" xmlns og "http //opengraphprotocol.org/schema/"> Skip to content Member Log In Join Now Basket Contact Us Membership Why Join Econsultancy Pricing & Plans Reports Market Data Internet Statistics Survey Reports Infographics Template Files Web Project Templates Digital Marketing Templates Request For Proposals RFPs Business Cases Best Practice Best Practice Guides Beginner\'s Guides JUMP Magazine Trends & Innovation Innovation Report Trend Briefings Supplier Selection Buyer\'s Guides Event Presentations Training Courses Custom Training SkillSet Qualifications MSc in Digital Marketing Communications MSc in Internet Retailing Graduate Certificates Our Training Team Training Advice Why Train with Econsultancy Events Conferences Digital Cream Dubai Digital Cream New York Digital Cream San Jose JUMP 2012 New York Online Marketing Masterclass Digital Cream London Digital Cream B2B London Digital Cream Sydney JUMP 2012 London FUNNEL Past Conferences Social Events Innovation Awards 2012 Ceremony Digital Cream Dubai Drinks Reception Digital Cream New York Cocktail Reception Digital Vision @ SXSW Qualifications Open Evening - London Digital Nuts - Poker Tournament Past Social Events Briefings Innovation Awards Why enter Categories Judging Awards Ceremony 2011 Winners 2012 Shortlist Jobs View Jobs Post a Job Blog More About Econsultancy Press Releases Consulting Services Supplier Directory Member Directory Forums Best Practice Supplier Selection Other Topics Econsultancy Labs Project Arachnid Browse by topic Affiliate marketing B2B E-commerce & conversion Email marketing Mobile Online advertising Online PR Project management Search marketing SEO, PPC Social media Strategy & business planning User experience & design Web analytics & measurement Home Blog How to identify and fix Google Panda in 2012 Print Posted 10 February 2012 09 38am by Stephen Croome with 7 comments Tweet Tweet Google s Panda update was a direct attack on bad content, which comes in many different flavours, including duplicate, weak, thin and template. Panda acts like a domain wide penalty, so your whole site is affected and your good pages are dragged down by your bad pages. This is a guide on how to find and fix Google\'s Panda algorithm update, based on our Panda fighting experience at SEOgadget in 2011. Panda basics Panda is about dealing with bad content, not bad links. Bad content comes in different flavours duplicate, weak, thin and template Panda acts like a domain wide penalty your whole site is affected and your good stuff is dragged down by your bad stuff Web crawler accessibility issues affect how search engines see, and therefore assess, your content. Often, badly designed Information Architectures compound the problems with already week content Large sites that have many pages, templated content and lots of sub-categories are the most at risk. If you haven t been monitoring and fixing your accessibility issues, as highlighted in Google Webmaster Tools, you are at risk. Panda examples All of these examples are from the UK, mostly from the employment and gift sectors Classic Panda We use Searchmetric \'s SEO visibility score to find out just when sites got hit, or recovered from Panda, There are three dates that stick out in the UK data Early April was the big UK introduction of Panda. There is a smaller inflection in July. There is a bigger inflection in October. Proof that doing nothing will not help you You can see in this graph that they are trying to fix their Panda issues but haven t yet bitten the bullet and made the leap they need to I know these guys well. They have no idea this data exists or anything about panda, but they have done OK. One might argue that they are OK because they couldn t care less about SEO and have a product that people like It would be easy to attribute this to Panda, but this looks more like developer or general website issues One of my favourites from the Employment industry, which clearly shows winners and losers I love the green line. Did they even know they had benefited from Google Panda Did they think they had done something to deserve the new traffic Was it all Champagne, cocaine and cash bonuses and then three months later, the next panda update smacks them With Panda thinning out sites in a vertical, it creates a false sense of success for the winners, as they themselves may be next in line for the chopping block... The blue line benefits from the first Panda update and then it looks like they get hit by Panda a few months later, but I don t think that s Panda, I think that s development gone wrong. Panda smacks and recovery are one day to the next, not across a number of weeks. The other effect of Panda the big brands got bigger Given this graph, where would you go to look for examples of sites that are being rewarded by Google Panda Find the websites that benefitted from Panda and look at their content, as that is now the new minimum level of content quality in your industry. Panda recovery This data is for Prezzybox , who we worked with. Panda recovery is possible, but a lot of unplanned, un-budgeted blood, sweat, tears and money went into that dip and recovering the traffic. The SEO visibility metric is a proprietary metric, but I asked Steve Overton from Searchmetrics if he could give us some more insight into it and he has explained the algorithm behind it Observations from fighting Panda Panda is confusing if you are not on top of your data and industry news. There were so many updates it becomes easy to blame everything bad on Panda. Conversely there are sites which benefitted from Panda but did not attribute it. When we started exploring how to fix Panda, we moved quite conservatively. Now we suggest that people take strong, decisive action in resolving issues . Google Panda doesn t fix itself, you have to fix it. It will take time, money and effort. It also requires a change in how you see your online business. You can make this whole process a lot easier on your business if you put a person in charge of content, and give them a budget and developer time. The advice is quite simple, concentrated around a few key areas. The implementation is where companies fall down. Fixing Panda is not complex, but it does require a lot of work. How to fix Panda Duplicate content Give someone the responsibility to hunt down duplicate content. Use Google Webmaster tools or SEOmoz tools or Xenu or an IIS crawl or whatever people suggest in the blog comments . It s not tough to do, it just requires some concentrated effort Solve duplicate content issues with rel canonical. Here are seven short videos of Google s Matt Cutts talking about different aspects of implementing rel canonical . Thin content If you have a section that is just thin templated content, it is hurting the good contents ability to rank. Be strong and cut the crap or add to your content to improve it. Cutting the crap 404 a bad section or area and after the pages have dropped out of the index, 301 them somewhere good so you don t lose any incoming link juice. This is potentially the biggest win. SEOmoz has a good guide to 301s , including links to references for 301s under Apache and IIS. Making your content great There is no getting around the fact that time and effort is needed here. Someone in your organisation needs the time and responsibility to sit down and create great content or manage the creation process via third party writers. I believe that great content requires both qualitative and quantitative research and a knowledgably person to knit it together to suit both users and search engines. Here is my guide on taking mediocre content and making it great content and an overview from our work on Panda on how Google might interpret content quality signals. Templated content Write content, hire interns or find people in cheaper parts of the world. Many companies are unnecessarily precious about their content and ultimately this ends up hurting more than helping them. Elance , Odesk and Copify all work for building out content. Remember, you now have a person responsible for content quality who will oversee this . Accessibility issues Run an IIS crawl to find your accessibility issues IIS is easier to use than you think . Here is an example list of errors from an IIS crawl. This becomes your plan of attack for clearing up accessibility issues You will end up with a list of issues and the urls where those issues are occurring, to be able to go and fix them. Three key takeaways The world is not as it once was . Crap websites trying to masquerade as decent websites are being hunted down and sunk below the quality line. Google owes you nothing. Tactics to just barely raise your quality enough to recover your rankings are unlikely to pay dividends. You may well find yourself a loser again the next time the quality bar is raised. Google is judging you. Google is going to continue to raise the quality bar with future updates. When your competitors improve their websites, you will be weakest and in line for the chop at the next quality update. I hope this post helps you decide to build great content today, so you dont have to deal with the fallout from bad content tomorrow. Image credit tanakawho via Flickr Stephen Croome is Head of SEO Delivery at SEOgadget and a guest blogger on Econsultancy. Recommended reports SEO Best Practice Index Inclusion The SEO Best Practice Index Inclusion Guide is part of Econsultancy\'s renowned SEO Best Practice Guide and is has been created with the help and frontline insight of globally-esteemed SEO practitioners, in order to give you the edge in your natural search marketing activity. Alternatively, see our SEMPO State of Search Marketing Report 2011 or SEO Agencies Buyer s Guide . Reader comments 7 Add your own Chris Hughes 10 08AM on 10th February 2012 Good Post, this was some very interesting reading, I agree with "cutting crap" its hard to accept but it is a must. Felipe09 11 19AM on 10th February 2012 Believe it or not the impact of Panda on my client\'s websites was minimal if any. I\'ve always stuck the basics of SEO and continue to do so. Good, unique and worthy content that is what makes a website successful, oh yeah and links. And I believe this article highlights all that. Alice Morgan Silver SEO and content strategy consultant - German-speaking at My own company 1 41PM on 10th February 2012 I preach this message a lot, but it\'s always really useful to have what you\'re saying endorsed by experts out there. Thank you! Dylan Harrington Bronze Marketing Executive at The Slice 1 42PM on 10th February 2012 "Often, badly designed Information Architectures compound the problems with already week content " Apparently easily done! Nick Stamoulis 2 54PM on 10th February 2012 The panda update was a reminder that quality beats quantity every time. I\'d caution against hiring an intern or a foreign writer to handle your content. It may be cheap, but you get what you pay for. Joanna Pieters Silver Founder at Alpha Content 3 05PM on 10th February 2012 You may be right that \'Many companies are unnecessarily precious about their content\', but I\'m not sure that\'s the real problem. I\'d say that they\'re precious about the wrong things. Companies should be precious, demanding, insistent on really good content. But that\'s content that\'s absolutely right for their customer. It\'s not stuff that makes the board feel good. Stephen Croome Bronze Head of SEO Operations at SEOGadget 5 05PM on 10th February 2012 Thanks for the comments, I really appreciate them Nick I agree, you need to be careful, and there should be someone on the client side who checks the content as part of the content delivery process Joanna Yup, Im with you there, reducing decisions based on ego and increasing the ones based on data would help a lot of people who have fallen foul of Panda S Enter your comment below Name Email Your email address will not be published URL optional Your name will link to this URL Your comment No HTML please Advertise here Popular Most commented Tags Most popular posts this month Four Seasons unveils $18m website 25 brilliant examples of Facebook brand pages Snickers \'hijacks\' Katie Price\'s Twitter account for PR stunt 11 dubious uses of QR codes The 21 most horrific social media facepalms of 2011 Five online advertising trends to expect in 2012 Most commented posts this month 11 dubious uses of QR codes 39 comments Four Seasons unveils $18m website 34 comments Is SEO really bad for the internet 19 comments Google adds social content from Google+ into search results 17 comments Google \'Search, plus Your World\' the experts\' view 16 comments Google+ reaches 100m users 14 comments Popular blog tags View all tags Apple 277 posts Big Media 307 posts Blogs and Blogging 342 posts Design 191 posts Facebook 518 posts Google 1193 posts Interviews 350 posts iphone 280 posts Microsoft 346 posts Research 294 posts Search 621 posts Shopping 501 posts Social Media 901 posts Startups 483 posts stats 345 posts TV 200 posts twitter 574 posts Video 345 posts Web 2.0 850 posts Yahoo 330 posts Advertise here Twitter buzz Tweet No recent tweets to display Most Popular Reports Internet Marketing Strategy Briefing Internet Statistics Compendium Checkout Optimization Guide 70 ways to increase conversion rates Popular Report Topics Search Marketing - Organic/Natural SEO Social Media Web Analytics E-commerce User Experience and Usability Popular Training Topics User Experience and Usability Social Media E-commerce Email Marketing Affiliate Marketing Popular Event Topics Search Marketing - Organic/Natural SEO Social Media Multichannel Marketing User Experience and Usability E-commerce More Blog Press Releases Consulting Services Supplier Directory Member Directory Forums Econsultancy Labs About us Contact Press Center Advertising & Sponsorship Affiliates Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Site map Copyright 2012 E-consultancy.com Limited. All rights reserved. This material is for personal use only. Use of this website constitutes acceptance of the Econsultancy User Agreement and Privacy Policy .')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00891', 'lang "en-GB" xmlns fb "http //www.facebook.com/2008/fbml" xmlns og "http //opengraphprotocol.org/schema/"> Skip to content Member Log In Join Now Basket Contact Us Membership Why Join Econsultancy Pricing & Plans Reports Market Data Internet Statistics Survey Reports Infographics Template Files Web Project Templates Digital Marketing Templates Request For Proposals RFPs Business Cases Best Practice Best Practice Guides Beginner\'s Guides JUMP Magazine Trends & Innovation Innovation Report Trend Briefings Supplier Selection Buyer\'s Guides Event Presentations Training Courses Custom Training SkillSet Qualifications MSc in Digital Marketing Communications MSc in Internet Retailing Graduate Certificates Our Training Team Training Advice Why Train with Econsultancy Events Conferences Digital Cream Dubai Digital Cream New York Digital Cream San Jose JUMP 2012 New York Online Marketing Masterclass Digital Cream London Digital Cream B2B London Digital Cream Sydney JUMP 2012 London FUNNEL Past Conferences Social Events Innovation Awards 2012 Ceremony Digital Cream Dubai Drinks Reception Digital Cream New York Cocktail Reception Digital Vision @ SXSW Qualifications Open Evening - London Digital Nuts - Poker Tournament Past Social Events Briefings Innovation Awards Why enter Categories Judging Awards Ceremony 2011 Winners 2012 Shortlist Jobs View Jobs Post a Job Blog More About Econsultancy Press Releases Consulting Services Supplier Directory Member Directory Forums Best Practice Supplier Selection Other Topics Econsultancy Labs Project Arachnid Browse by topic Affiliate marketing B2B E-commerce & conversion Email marketing Mobile Online advertising Online PR Project management Search marketing SEO, PPC Social media Strategy & business planning User experience & design Web analytics & measurement Home Blog Is Starbucks at the forefront of mobile Print Posted 01 February 2012 18 41pm by Ben Staveley with 7 comments Tweet Tweet With the introduction of payment via mobile and a new and updated app, is this a new mobile era for Starbucks What opportunities are there for other retailers to follow suit I love Starbucks and am a regular down at my local Starbucks s note the plural . I was very impressed to see this month that the company has embraced mobile technology throughout its stores with gusto. As the New Year rolled in, Starbucks rolled out a new app which allowed people to register their Starbucks card and then, with some new mobile scanners installed, pay in-store with their mobile phones. Starbucks has clearly decided that mobile is the way forward with what must have been a large infrastructure investment, although it has decided not to bother with near field communication NFC as yet. Whether this is because a large number of their customers are IOS users which doesn t currently have this built in, time will tell. Already, one in five of Starbucks customers pay for their purchases using their reward card, enticed by the offers of free Wi-Fi and a free drink as a reward for 15 in-store visits. With this new app, my debit card is linked to my reward card, which is linked to my phone, so when I am in desperate need of a coffee, or a calming half hour in Starbucks, all I need is my phone, which I m never without. Why would I now pay for my Starbucks any other way T he additional data capture possibilities for Starbucks are endless Data such as favourite drinks, date of birth. Frequently visited stores and number of visits. Purchase trends and segmented customers. Dynamic offers, promotions and communications. I m sure mobile will be a success for Starbucks, and will pave the way for more retailers to invest in mobile technologies, which ultimately, make purchasing easier for customers. But what could this mean for other retailers, both on our streets and off Here s just some of our more immediate predictions Clothes retailers marketing accessories and additional pieces to create a capsule wardrobe depending on previous purchase history via mobile connection Lunch chains to develop mobile ordering, with instore collection and payment via mobile. Development of webcam technology to allow e-commerce purchases by showing a mobile screen to your webcam. Starbucks has really set the mobile commerce bar high for 2012. My prediction This is the year that retailers and the public will embrace mobile for mutual satisfaction. Ben Staveley is Head of E-commerce at dotCommerce and a guest blogger on Econsultancy. Recommended reports M-commerce Innovation Briefing This 100+ slide presentation, delivered at an Econsultancy trends briefing, covers m-commerce and associated innovation, trends, and strategies. With the rise in usage of smart devices and the inevitable excitement with the latest tablet playthings, this presentation is packed with cutting edge examples marketers can use to understand the relevance of m-commerce to their business. Alternatively, see our Global E-commerce Statistics . Reader comments 7 Add your own Geofferson Marcy 7 41PM on 1st February 2012 I\'ve been using this since they launched in Canada late 2011 and its really great. One weird thing is that they snail-mail you the bonus drink voucher with gold status you get a free beverage every 15 stars , which flys in the face of the instantness of the app. James Sherrett Gold VP Marketing at Mobify 7 43PM on 1st February 2012 Starbucks are clearly a leader in understanding how their customers use mobile, then incorporating that understanding into the digital experiences they provide. Working with them on their mobile web experience it was clear they had invested in the people and practices to learn and build fast. Very few other companies are keeping up and pushing technologies like responsive design and the Mobify Platform with as much innovation. Starbucks are leading and extending that lead. Chris Dalrymple 8 12AM on 2nd February 2012 "Why would I now pay for my Starbucks any other way " Because it\'s clunky, and slow, and the staff don\'t always understand how to use it... Probably being slightly unfair, but I have switched back to using the card after a couple of attempts with the app because the app takes so long to process the transaction. When it doesn\'t work properly Starbucks staff tend to be unsure of what to do. The key thing here is while the idea is great, the systems integration and training has to be equally good to make sure it\'s a viable way to pay. Julie Walker Bronze Director at Purple Spinnaker 8 59AM on 2nd February 2012 Starbucks are leading the way in creating mobile and social strategies which listen to and respond to their customers through creating new products and experiences which are in line with their customers feedback. In 2010, Starbucks customers loaded US$1.7bn onto their pre-pay reward cards, and if you look at Starbucks operating margin of 13%, you could look at this as their customers provided a cash injection of US$220m to be used for growth projects, innovation and new product development. Add to cash injection, a more indepth understanding of the starbucks customer through their mobile buying behaviour, their social insights and listening strategies, their branded social prescence on facebook and twitter and their internal customer idea community mystarbucksidea, they have created a trusted relationship which provides the opportunity to work in partnership with their customers to grow their organisation. Having recognised the benefits of operating in this way, the Starbucks Senior Management Team are adapting their business to become more responsive to the customers and to deliver new experiences with their customers, permission and inclusion, which in turn makes it easy for both starbucks and their customers to develop a partnership for growing the organisation. Social and mobile are great engagement vehicles, which can support overall business goals and as more organisations learn about the value of integrated strategies beyond the tactile projects more great examples will evolve. Gray Sycamore Silver Chief Strategy Officer at Mobileize 3 59PM on 2nd February 2012 An app such as this is clearly great for Starbucks fans, but many high street brands face the problem that not everyone has their app, or necessarily wants it. The real opportunity around mobile from a business perspective is to reach and convert the customers that aren t aware of or currently using your brand the upside potential of doing that is going to be many times larger than preaching to the converted. This is the limitation for most app based strategies, however well executed they might be. Tim Watson Diamond Operations Director at Emailvision 8 54PM on 2nd February 2012 I would really like to try this but Android version is not available in the UK as far as I can tell. Whilst Starbucks are being very forward thinking with mobile apps and payment, fully integrated, they are missing the boat when it comes to their emails. Not at all well considered for mobile viewing. peter warne Gold comms manager at nestl sa 10 08AM on 6th February 2012 What\'s the fuss about Sbucks The Swiss railways have had all this and more for a while. Not only can you buy on-line, but the app updates with information on the route you have bought a ticket for as you travel. I would say that the SBB Swiss railways is clearly a leader etc etc etc, but since they are not American they are ignored. Enter your comment below Name Email Your email address will not be published URL optional Your name will link to this URL Your comment No HTML please Advertise here Popular Most commented Tags Most popular posts this month Four Seasons unveils $18m website 25 brilliant examples of Facebook brand pages Snickers \'hijacks\' Katie Price\'s Twitter account for PR stunt 11 dubious uses of QR codes The 21 most horrific social media facepalms of 2011 Five online advertising trends to expect in 2012 Most commented posts this month 11 dubious uses of QR codes 39 comments Four Seasons unveils $18m website 34 comments Is SEO really bad for the internet 19 comments Google adds social content from Google+ into search results 17 comments Google \'Search, plus Your World\' the experts\' view 16 comments Google+ reaches 100m users 14 comments Popular blog tags View all tags Apple 277 posts Big Media 307 posts Blogs and Blogging 342 posts Design 191 posts Facebook 518 posts Google 1193 posts Interviews 350 posts iphone 280 posts Microsoft 346 posts Research 294 posts Search 621 posts Shopping 501 posts Social Media 901 posts Startups 483 posts stats 345 posts TV 200 posts twitter 574 posts Video 345 posts Web 2.0 850 posts Yahoo 330 posts Advertise here Twitter buzz Tweet No recent tweets to display Most Popular Reports Internet Marketing Strategy Briefing Internet Statistics Compendium Checkout Optimization Guide 70 ways to increase conversion rates Popular Report Topics Search Marketing - Organic/Natural SEO Social Media Web Analytics E-commerce User Experience and Usability Popular Training Topics User Experience and Usability Social Media E-commerce Email Marketing Affiliate Marketing Popular Event Topics Search Marketing - Organic/Natural SEO Social Media Multichannel Marketing User Experience and Usability E-commerce More Blog Press Releases Consulting Services Supplier Directory Member Directory Forums Econsultancy Labs About us Contact Press Center Advertising & Sponsorship Affiliates Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Site map Copyright 2012 E-consultancy.com Limited. All rights reserved. This material is for personal use only. Use of this website constitutes acceptance of the Econsultancy User Agreement and Privacy Policy .')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00892', 'lang "en-GB" xmlns fb "http //www.facebook.com/2008/fbml" xmlns og "http //opengraphprotocol.org/schema/"> Skip to content Member Log In Join Now Basket Contact Us Membership Why Join Econsultancy Pricing & Plans Reports Market Data Internet Statistics Survey Reports Infographics Template Files Web Project Templates Digital Marketing Templates Request For Proposals RFPs Business Cases Best Practice Best Practice Guides Beginner\'s Guides JUMP Magazine Trends & Innovation Innovation Report Trend Briefings Supplier Selection Buyer\'s Guides Event Presentations Training Courses Custom Training SkillSet Qualifications MSc in Digital Marketing Communications MSc in Internet Retailing Graduate Certificates Our Training Team Training Advice Why Train with Econsultancy Events Conferences Digital Cream Dubai Digital Cream New York Digital Cream San Jose JUMP 2012 New York Online Marketing Masterclass Digital Cream London Digital Cream B2B London Digital Cream Sydney JUMP 2012 London FUNNEL Past Conferences Social Events Innovation Awards 2012 Ceremony Digital Cream Dubai Drinks Reception Digital Cream New York Cocktail Reception Digital Vision @ SXSW Qualifications Open Evening - London Digital Nuts - Poker Tournament Past Social Events Briefings Innovation Awards Why enter Categories Judging Awards Ceremony 2011 Winners 2012 Shortlist Jobs View Jobs Post a Job Blog More About Econsultancy Press Releases Consulting Services Supplier Directory Member Directory Forums Best Practice Supplier Selection Other Topics Econsultancy Labs Project Arachnid Browse by topic Affiliate marketing B2B E-commerce & conversion Email marketing Mobile Online advertising Online PR Project management Search marketing SEO, PPC Social media Strategy & business planning User experience & design Web analytics & measurement Home Blog The future of customer service and social media infographic Print Posted 06 February 2012 19 08pm by Heather Taylor with 3 comments Tweet Tweet According to Zendesk\'s new infographic, 62% of customers are looking for more support through social media. Compare that to research by MarketTools at the end of 2011 which shows only 23% of US companies provide customer service via Facebook and 12% provide support via Twitter. This highlights the continued divide between what customers are expecting and companies are giving. Brand reputation and promotions still tops the list of how brands are using social media. The good news is once companies begin to engage in this arena, the more they find the importance in engaging in social channels. The stats compiled by Zendesk aren\'t surprising on their own. It\'s only when you compare them to what brands are actually doing, there seems to be a discrepancy. If you are working with a brand that just doesn\'t get it, this infographic may be a key tool to showing what needs to happen to satisfy its customers. 23% of our time is spent online so it\'s imperative brands be there. Heather Taylor is the Editorial Director for Econsultancy US. You can follow her on Twitter , Google+ or Pinterest . Recommended reports State of Social Report 2011 Econsultancy\'s State of Social Report , produced in partnership with LBi and bigmouthmedia , is the most comprehensive study of its kind around the strategies, tactics and websites companies are using to harness social media for marketing, sales, customer service and other business objectives. The research, based on a survey of more than 1,000 companies, benchmarks budgets, resourcing, measurement and barriers to success ... plus much more. Alternatively, see our UK Social Media Statistics or How To Create Amazing Facebook Pages . Reader comments 3 Add your own Sheena Rajan 11 58PM on 7th February 2012 I love that companies are taking to twitter to add another layer of customer support. Just today I actually received excellent support from MyEmma @emmaemail about some issues I was having. The funny thing was that I didn\'t contact them - they are diligently searching for mentions of the brand and react in a timely manner. I guess you could call that Reactive Customer Support. Amanda 8 07AM on 8th February 2012 Love infographics, but what shows is worrying to me. As a small business owner, I am concerned about unwarranted negative comments going viral. When it all boils down to it, we all make mistakes and cannot get every right 100% of the time. The internet and social media can be very unforgiving. Paul Danek 6 04PM on 8th February 2012 Amanda, You are not alone in your concerns. Especially for small business owners, it is extremely challenging finding the time to manage your brand online, like responding to and managing negative comments and/or unhappy customers. While that is critical, the bottom line is that focusing on delivering a consistent and delightful customer experience is still paramount--Small businesses that are successful in doing that generally find that their most loyal customers will in fact often advocate for their businesses in social media forums--Or at least, the positive comments and reviews will far outpace any negative ones. Enter your comment below Name Email Your email address will not be published URL optional Your name will link to this URL Your comment No HTML please Advertise here Popular Most commented Tags Most popular posts this month Four Seasons unveils $18m website 25 brilliant examples of Facebook brand pages Snickers \'hijacks\' Katie Price\'s Twitter account for PR stunt 11 dubious uses of QR codes The 21 most horrific social media facepalms of 2011 Five online advertising trends to expect in 2012 Most commented posts this month 11 dubious uses of QR codes 39 comments Four Seasons unveils $18m website 34 comments Is SEO really bad for the internet 19 comments Google adds social content from Google+ into search results 17 comments Google \'Search, plus Your World\' the experts\' view 16 comments Google+ reaches 100m users 14 comments Popular blog tags View all tags Apple 277 posts Big Media 307 posts Blogs and Blogging 342 posts Design 191 posts Facebook 518 posts Google 1193 posts Interviews 350 posts iphone 280 posts Microsoft 346 posts Research 294 posts Search 621 posts Shopping 501 posts Social Media 901 posts Startups 483 posts stats 345 posts TV 200 posts twitter 574 posts Video 345 posts Web 2.0 850 posts Yahoo 330 posts Advertise here Twitter buzz Tweet No recent tweets to display Most Popular Reports Internet Marketing Strategy Briefing Internet Statistics Compendium Checkout Optimization Guide 70 ways to increase conversion rates Popular Report Topics Search Marketing - Organic/Natural SEO Social Media Web Analytics E-commerce User Experience and Usability Popular Training Topics User Experience and Usability Social Media E-commerce Email Marketing Affiliate Marketing Popular Event Topics Search Marketing - Organic/Natural SEO Social Media Multichannel Marketing User Experience and Usability E-commerce More Blog Press Releases Consulting Services Supplier Directory Member Directory Forums Econsultancy Labs About us Contact Press Center Advertising & Sponsorship Affiliates Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Site map Copyright 2012 E-consultancy.com Limited. All rights reserved. This material is for personal use only. Use of this website constitutes acceptance of the Econsultancy User Agreement and Privacy Policy .')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00893', 'lang "en-GB" xmlns fb "http //www.facebook.com/2008/fbml" xmlns og "http //opengraphprotocol.org/schema/"> Skip to content Member Log In Join Now Basket Contact Us Membership Why Join Econsultancy Pricing & Plans Reports Market Data Internet Statistics Survey Reports Infographics Template Files Web Project Templates Digital Marketing Templates Request For Proposals RFPs Business Cases Best Practice Best Practice Guides Beginner\'s Guides JUMP Magazine Trends & Innovation Innovation Report Trend Briefings Supplier Selection Buyer\'s Guides Event Presentations Training Courses Custom Training SkillSet Qualifications MSc in Digital Marketing Communications MSc in Internet Retailing Graduate Certificates Our Training Team Training Advice Why Train with Econsultancy Events Conferences Digital Cream Dubai Digital Cream New York Digital Cream San Jose JUMP 2012 New York Online Marketing Masterclass Digital Cream London Digital Cream B2B London Digital Cream Sydney JUMP 2012 London FUNNEL Past Conferences Social Events Innovation Awards 2012 Ceremony Digital Cream Dubai Drinks Reception Digital Cream New York Cocktail Reception Digital Vision @ SXSW Qualifications Open Evening - London Digital Nuts - Poker Tournament Past Social Events Briefings Innovation Awards Why enter Categories Judging Awards Ceremony 2011 Winners 2012 Shortlist Jobs View Jobs Post a Job Blog More About Econsultancy Press Releases Consulting Services Supplier Directory Member Directory Forums Best Practice Supplier Selection Other Topics Econsultancy Labs Project Arachnid Browse by topic Affiliate marketing B2B E-commerce & conversion Email marketing Mobile Online advertising Online PR Project management Search marketing SEO, PPC Social media Strategy & business planning User experience & design Web analytics & measurement Home Blog The future of customer service and social media infographic Print Posted 06 February 2012 19 08pm by Heather Taylor with 3 comments Tweet Tweet According to Zendesk\'s new infographic, 62% of customers are looking for more support through social media. Compare that to research by MarketTools at the end of 2011 which shows only 23% of US companies provide customer service via Facebook and 12% provide support via Twitter. This highlights the continued divide between what customers are expecting and companies are giving. Brand reputation and promotions still tops the list of how brands are using social media. The good news is once companies begin to engage in this arena, the more they find the importance in engaging in social channels. The stats compiled by Zendesk aren\'t surprising on their own. It\'s only when you compare them to what brands are actually doing, there seems to be a discrepancy. If you are working with a brand that just doesn\'t get it, this infographic may be a key tool to showing what needs to happen to satisfy its customers. 23% of our time is spent online so it\'s imperative brands be there. Heather Taylor is the Editorial Director for Econsultancy US. You can follow her on Twitter , Google+ or Pinterest . Recommended reports State of Social Report 2011 Econsultancy\'s State of Social Report , produced in partnership with LBi and bigmouthmedia , is the most comprehensive study of its kind around the strategies, tactics and websites companies are using to harness social media for marketing, sales, customer service and other business objectives. The research, based on a survey of more than 1,000 companies, benchmarks budgets, resourcing, measurement and barriers to success ... plus much more. Alternatively, see our UK Social Media Statistics or How To Create Amazing Facebook Pages . Reader comments 3 Add your own Sheena Rajan 11 58PM on 7th February 2012 I love that companies are taking to twitter to add another layer of customer support. Just today I actually received excellent support from MyEmma @emmaemail about some issues I was having. The funny thing was that I didn\'t contact them - they are diligently searching for mentions of the brand and react in a timely manner. I guess you could call that Reactive Customer Support. Amanda 8 07AM on 8th February 2012 Love infographics, but what shows is worrying to me. As a small business owner, I am concerned about unwarranted negative comments going viral. When it all boils down to it, we all make mistakes and cannot get every right 100% of the time. The internet and social media can be very unforgiving. Paul Danek 6 04PM on 8th February 2012 Amanda, You are not alone in your concerns. Especially for small business owners, it is extremely challenging finding the time to manage your brand online, like responding to and managing negative comments and/or unhappy customers. While that is critical, the bottom line is that focusing on delivering a consistent and delightful customer experience is still paramount--Small businesses that are successful in doing that generally find that their most loyal customers will in fact often advocate for their businesses in social media forums--Or at least, the positive comments and reviews will far outpace any negative ones. Enter your comment below Name Email Your email address will not be published URL optional Your name will link to this URL Your comment No HTML please Advertise here Popular Most commented Tags Most popular posts this month Four Seasons unveils $18m website 25 brilliant examples of Facebook brand pages Snickers \'hijacks\' Katie Price\'s Twitter account for PR stunt 11 dubious uses of QR codes The 21 most horrific social media facepalms of 2011 Five online advertising trends to expect in 2012 Most commented posts this month 11 dubious uses of QR codes 39 comments Four Seasons unveils $18m website 34 comments Is SEO really bad for the internet 19 comments Google adds social content from Google+ into search results 17 comments Google \'Search, plus Your World\' the experts\' view 16 comments Google+ reaches 100m users 14 comments Popular blog tags View all tags Apple 277 posts Big Media 307 posts Blogs and Blogging 342 posts Design 191 posts Facebook 518 posts Google 1193 posts Interviews 350 posts iphone 280 posts Microsoft 346 posts Research 294 posts Search 621 posts Shopping 501 posts Social Media 901 posts Startups 483 posts stats 345 posts TV 200 posts twitter 574 posts Video 345 posts Web 2.0 850 posts Yahoo 330 posts Advertise here Twitter buzz Tweet No recent tweets to display Most Popular Reports Internet Marketing Strategy Briefing Internet Statistics Compendium Checkout Optimization Guide 70 ways to increase conversion rates Popular Report Topics Search Marketing - Organic/Natural SEO Social Media Web Analytics E-commerce User Experience and Usability Popular Training Topics User Experience and Usability Social Media E-commerce Email Marketing Affiliate Marketing Popular Event Topics Search Marketing - Organic/Natural SEO Social Media Multichannel Marketing User Experience and Usability E-commerce More Blog Press Releases Consulting Services Supplier Directory Member Directory Forums Econsultancy Labs About us Contact Press Center Advertising & Sponsorship Affiliates Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Site map Copyright 2012 E-consultancy.com Limited. All rights reserved. This material is for personal use only. Use of this website constitutes acceptance of the Econsultancy User Agreement and Privacy Policy .')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00894', 'lang "en-GB" xmlns fb "http //www.facebook.com/2008/fbml" xmlns og "http //opengraphprotocol.org/schema/"> Skip to content Member Log In Join Now Basket Contact Us Membership Why Join Econsultancy Pricing & Plans Reports Market Data Internet Statistics Survey Reports Infographics Template Files Web Project Templates Digital Marketing Templates Request For Proposals RFPs Business Cases Best Practice Best Practice Guides Beginner\'s Guides JUMP Magazine Trends & Innovation Innovation Report Trend Briefings Supplier Selection Buyer\'s Guides Event Presentations Training Courses Custom Training SkillSet Qualifications MSc in Digital Marketing Communications MSc in Internet Retailing Graduate Certificates Our Training Team Training Advice Why Train with Econsultancy Events Conferences Digital Cream Dubai Digital Cream New York Digital Cream San Jose JUMP 2012 New York Online Marketing Masterclass Digital Cream London Digital Cream B2B London Digital Cream Sydney JUMP 2012 London FUNNEL Past Conferences Social Events Innovation Awards 2012 Ceremony Digital Cream Dubai Drinks Reception Digital Cream New York Cocktail Reception Digital Vision @ SXSW Qualifications Open Evening - London Digital Nuts - Poker Tournament Past Social Events Briefings Innovation Awards Why enter Categories Judging Awards Ceremony 2011 Winners 2012 Shortlist Jobs View Jobs Post a Job Blog More About Econsultancy Press Releases Consulting Services Supplier Directory Member Directory Forums Best Practice Supplier Selection Other Topics Econsultancy Labs Project Arachnid Browse by topic Affiliate marketing B2B E-commerce & conversion Email marketing Mobile Online advertising Online PR Project management Search marketing SEO, PPC Social media Strategy & business planning User experience & design Web analytics & measurement Home Blog Is SEO really bad for the internet Print Posted 08 February 2012 11 49am by Graham Charlton with 20 comments Tweet Tweet Aaron Wall recently reported on a Google employee who left comments on Hacker News to the effect that SEO is bad for the internet. The Google employee, Googley Jon Rockway , said that "SEO isn\'t good for users or the internet at large". It\'s a surprising statement for a Google employee to make, and I\'ve been asking some SEO experts about their views on the issue, and whether this reflects the search giant\'s real views. Here\'s Rockway\'s quote in more detail Instead of being able to SEO the entire Internet, businesses can now only affect the search results for a tiny percentage of users. That\'s a good thing because SEO can\'t scale, and SEO isn\'t good for users or the Internet at large. If you look at the Google experience from the standpoint of customers, it\'s pretty good. Users get relevant search results and ads. Advertisers get their content on top of everything else. It\'s a good compromise between advertising and usability, and it works really well. It\'s a bug that you could rank highly in Google without buying ads, and Google is trying to fix the bug. Manipulating Google results shouldn\'t be something you feel entitled to be able to do. If you want to rank highly in Google, be relevant for the user currently searching. Engage him in social media or email, provide relevant information about what you\'re selling, and, generally, be a "good match" for what the user wants. What is the thinking behind this statement Search consultant Rishi Lakhani feels that Rockway has "gaffed by revealing what could be a very much internal sentiment by Google on their stance on free traffic". It kind of reminds me of an old SEO joke What is the Meaning of SPAM Search Positions Above Mine. However in Google s possible view, SPAM could mean Search Positions Avoid Moneymaking. Essentially what is Google s money making model Selling Ads. Every bit of free traffic that a site receives from organic search is a loss in revenue to Google. So are you surprised at this stance I am not. How is SEO bad for internet users Andrew Girdwood , Bigmouthmedia I have a lot of sympathy for Rockway s comment. SEO that attempts to manipulate Google s or Bing s search results so that less relevant results are returned above more relevant results is not good for users or the internet. I don t believe there is a single SEO any more. Some of the SEO throwbacks and perhaps some of the new strands do fall into the not helpful category. Spam, for example, is not helpful. The benefits of SEO for web users Yes, there are plenty of spammers out there, but good SEO has benefits for businesses and web users. Here are just a few of those. It has encouraged greater usability As Site Visibility \'s Kelvin Newman points out, many improvements to website usability have been made in order to optimise for search engines There s lots of annoying aspects of websites that SEO has had a role killing off, I think the good Karma for SEO ending the trend of splash pages is enough to see the industry through a decade of bad behaviour! Elizabeth Ayers from iCrossing echoes this sentiment If large quality brands did not optimise their sites for search then it is likely that the web would be a poorer place. The web and social would not be as advanced as it is today if SEO hadn t been such a key revenue driver for brands to take advantage of and participate in, creating quality content and participating on social platforms. It encourages business to create better content Content is key to great SEO, and cheap tactics like keyword stuffing just don\'t cut it any more. Instead, creating content that people want to read and share is what works best. Andrew Girdwood Modern SEO is helpful. It is less an advertising tactic and more a marketing strategy. Modern SEO involves creating and working with engaging content; content so good that users want to share and discuss it. This is a boon for users and the net as it creates an upwards pressure on quality. It makes businesses more relevant to users Rishi Lakhani Competitive SEO actually helps make businesses even more relevant to searchers. Because we know who links naturally, and why. A page full of carburettors for sale may not get links, what is the motivation But a page that shows how to clean your carburettor will. The difference between intent and motivation differs, and it s the SEO community that is hard at work encouraging such content. SEO is not bad for the user, but for Google s pockets. SEO can help small businesses to punch above their weight There are businesses spending big bucks on SEO and paid search , but by using solid SEO techniques, creating a usable site and filling it with great content, small businesses can rank higher than bigger rivals. Social CRM Andrew Girdwood A strong example of how Modern SEO is great for users in general is in the emergence of social CRM. Businesses are increasing their efforts to look after customers online, using platforms like Twitter and Google+ to reach out to people who have had a bad experience with a brand or encountered some other problem. This is in part due to the rise of social but this is also an example of Modern SEO. Google blogged back in 2010 that being bad to your customers is bad for business . Customers benefit whenever brands take extra effort to look after them and the convergence of search and social have given business extra incentive to do just that. Is SEO bad for Google Is this the real subtext of this statement, gaff or not As Rockway says, thanks to recent changes such as \' Search Plus \', the amount of Google homepage real estate which is open to influence by SEO is shrinking. So is Google seeking to minimise the role of the SEO Rishi Lakhani feels strongly about this Of course there are bad approaches to SEO. However, this attitude that SEO SPAM should stop. Because the biggest violators are Google themselves. It takes content from third party sites and slowly wraps it up with ads. Google gets into short term partnerships with businesses with an edge, learn their processes, use those to build up their own offering, and then terminate those relationships. Up to a few years ago, Google used to use Yell to supply local content. Now, it s overtaken by Google Local. For years Google has been taking money from credit card companies and comparison sites alike. Now, it has launched its own version, which it uses Adwords to push. Graham Charlton is Editor at Econsultancy. Follow him on Twitter or connect via Linkedin or Google+ . Recommended reports SEO Best Practice Index Inclusion The SEO Best Practice Index Inclusion Guide is part of Econsultancy\'s renowned SEO Best Practice Guide and is has been created with the help and frontline insight of globally-esteemed SEO practitioners, in order to give you the edge in your natural search marketing activity. Alternatively, see our SEMPO State of Search Marketing Report 2011 or SEO Agencies Buyer s Guide . Reader comments 20 Add your own Bharati Ahuja 12 21PM on 8th February 2012 I would like to share a post I wrote in Feb. 2011 on "How Good SEO Contributes To The Larger Objectives Of The Web Ecosystem" http //blog.webpro.in/2011/02/how-good-seo-contributes-to-larger.html A good co-incident that this kind of discussion has come up in Feb. again this year... Ronnie 12 49PM on 8th February 2012 Great article that poses a good question! As an SEO I get this question quite often. The article really touched on some good points. One in particular in that SEO is not bad for the internet but actually is good in that it improves usability of the web. Matt Wright 1 14PM on 8th February 2012 Optimisation of social based algorithms such as Edgerank have consequences even worse than what SEO\'s have added or taken away from search based algorithm optimisations. Social networks rely on recommendation algorithms that can be gamed. The worst part of a social recommendation algorithm is the potential to create an eventual \'bubble affect\' where users become hugely small-minded and less about \'doing more\', \'knowing more\' and ceasing to ask \'why\' more. To know more about the bubble affect watch this lecture... http //www.ted.com/talks/eli_pariser_beware_online_filter_bubbles.html Depesh Mandalia Diamond Senior Marketing Manager - Personalisation & MVT at Tesco.com 1 16PM on 8th February 2012 This hits it on the nail for me "Every bit of free traffic that a site receives from organic search is a loss in revenue to Google." There seems to have been a very different stance to running Google with Larry Page as CEO which I\'m not convinced will endear users to Google. The don\'t be evil tool is a great example of how Google have changed as a company - as the tool states, the relevancy of results is still as good as ever, however there\'s a different commercial agenda at Google now - Google are entitled to run Google how they think it should be run but with any long standing \'brand\' the core values are built up through trust and awareness over time. Trust is being eroded away and what was once a fairly clear set of core values seems murky. It does sound like internal sentiment as to what Google thinks of SEO but good SEO improves the quality of what Google returns. Its a WIN WIN for both Google and SEOs - one cannot work without the other especially since the Google \'signals\' rely on proper website structure, which the majority of SEOs have helped develop over the last decade. This article still rings true for the 2 areas where google may slip-up quality of results and overdoing the social drive http //www.zdnet.com/blog/btl/new-google-ceo-larry-page-here-are-your-top-two-priorities/46912 Matt Kydd Bronze CTO at EXPANSYS plc 1 19PM on 8th February 2012 It certainly encourages index optimisation considerations over real-world usability - and like cars all built using a windtunnel results in homogeneous looking sites for any sector. James Webb 1 21PM on 8th February 2012 "If you want to rank highly in Google, be relevant for the user currently searching" Erm, that\'s called SEO. Granted, there are many flavours of SEO, some more oily than others, but for many organisations, SEO is an essential part of running a business online. The goals of SEO should simply be to improve editorial and technical quality, not to mention competitiveness which results in a better UX all round. Without SEOs - who helps raise the editorial bar many journalists still neglect copy that they believe is invisible - who ensures that slavishly produced content is optimised to the people that are looking for it most - who checks for damaging site errors very often people who should have clocked them, have not - who ensures pages are coded to proper standards so that they are discoverable in search While you could nominate other company roles to all of the above, truth is most of the time they\'re just cleaning up someone else\'s mess. So, really, SEO done the right way is about improving the web, not ruining it. James Gurd Silver Owner at Digital Juggler 1 45PM on 8th February 2012 Hi Graham, I think this is a timely article. SEO is not inherently bad, diluting quality is. Some of what Rockway said is bang on the money "if you want to rank highly in Google, be relevant for the user currently searching". However, he positions his opinion poorly. Positive SEO is about being relevant - if you\'re not relevant, you\'ll just get poor metrics and people won\'t come back. I think Rishi\'s last comment is quite interesting - Google taking 3rd party content and wrapping it with ads. It\'s all about the money to them, I don\'t believe anymore that the focus is on the user. The focus is on driving revenue and they have to think about the user to achieve that. SEO is an innate thing, it can\'t be bad - it\'s the people behind it that are choosing whether or not to follow good or bad practice. So let\'s focus praise and criticism on the people doing, not a marketing discipline. thanks james SY 2 01PM on 8th February 2012 1stly clever bait article guys. 2ndly SEO is not spam. Matt Cutts already said so http //www.youtube.com/watch v BS75vhGO-kk&amp;feature player_embedded 3rdly how can seo - that encourages good web practices such as having a stable and sound site architecture, encouraging good content and userbility, helping a website serve the most relevant page possible to a searcher - be a bad thing and lastly this guy has probably just revealed the most damnning evidence of what every seo knew all along - seo profiling and delberate penalization of sites that do not rely on google ads. any wonder why affiliate and ecommerce sites were the biggest sites to be hit by panda what about the keyword not provided crap cmon people! i hope the investigitons into google\'s competition laws get wind of this. Jimmy- SEO Search Labs 2 06PM on 8th February 2012 I feel this Googler slipped up on his choice of wording about SEO. His opinion harks back to the stigma associated with SEO of 5+ years ago back then SEO was regarded as trying to outsmart Google by looking for loopholes. People did exploit these methods until they were closed off, but sites that were ranking falsely, genuinely didn t add to the user experience. Many of these websites were affiliate sites or sites littered with adverts. SEO s should be working toward consumer centric SEO. This means only optimising websites in ways that will enhance the user s experience. They can do using content-rich campaigns and techniques that help users find useful information easily .White hat SEO s should be working in the best interest of everyone, the user, the site owner AND the search engines. Google is embracing SEO regardless of what this employee says e.g. Google s Search Engine Optimization Starter Guide . Developments in webmaster tools also encourage site owners to make changes to their website so that Google can crawl it more efficiently and help it understand what their site is about. SEO s should be working to help Google in its plight for high quality, relevant search results not fighting against it to warp the results for profit. While we disagree that SEO is bad for the internet, we do agree however, that black hat SEO is bad for the user and everyone in the long run. A good post and interesting discussion here - thanks Graham Emma Hands Silver Business & ECommerce Manager at Gift-Library.com 3 14PM on 8th February 2012 Google are clearly being hypocrites as they have spammed their own results with Google Plus, if you look at the reasons why G+ is so prominent it\'s down to SEOing to the max! Sam Silverwood-Cope 3 31PM on 8th February 2012 Yes the Top Ten of Google is decreasing in actual SEO real estate. There are now Google Plus results, more social networks and according to our research 99% of searches have Wikipedia on page one. Surely this encourages corporations down the paid route. Nicholas Johnson 5 22PM on 8th February 2012 If there was no SEO, good sites would naturally rise to the top of the rankings because people would link to them. SEOs running link building campaigns skew this data by creating hundreds of links to content which people would otherwise not be interested in reading. Some SEOs resort to posting links on unprotected forums and comment threads. Harm clearly is done in the name of SEO. Graham Charlton Staff Editor at Econsultancy 6 16PM on 8th February 2012 @Nicholas - if you have search engines, you have SEO. The two are inseparable. The search engines have to decide a method by which sites are ranked highest, and website owners and marketers want to figure out how and improve their own rankings. With \'modern SEO\' as Andrew Girdwood calls it, you have more user friendly websites which have to create content that is interesting and relevant to the searcher. This benefits the internet. dan barker Bronze E-Business Consultant at Dan Barker 10 05PM on 8th February 2012 I think this is a bit of a red herring. In general SEO has always benefited Google - they\'ve simply tried to blacken the areas that risked devaluing their algorithm. At the moment, they\'re in the middle of tweaking the rules considerably so that SEO benefits them even further. As one example, they\'re dangling the carrot of \'more traffic\' for website owners to buy into the Google+/SPYW stuff. In doing so, they hope this will help to drag the mainstream across. And, of course, if that all works out they win twice once for the \'social network\' element of Google+, once for embedding themselves as a large downstream recipient from natural search. dan Dale Cooper Silver Search Engine Marketing Manager at Visit Wales 8 35AM on 9th February 2012 This is a curious debate/thread although I agree with Rishi\'s reasoning. Google, Apple, Microsoft are run by shareholders and accountants. Data is a valuable resource and to expect a private company to actively support ventures that threaten income streams may be a little short sighted. Facebook backed by Goldman Sachs is floating soon, is it any wonder that Google is looking at giving less away and developing and tightening up its core business restrictions of keyword data, normalisation of personal records across accounts google+ In a few years time its possible that people will look back at this period and be amazed that you could get free traffic, free data and build successful businesses without investing all that heavily. SEO Surrey 9 28AM on 9th February 2012 Yeah Google thinks it\'s bad cause they don\'t earn money from good, natural SEO... A search engine without natural results is probably their ideal. I imagine the Yellow Pages came up with an idea pre internet to charge consumers for their directories as well as businesses! Gus Ferguson Silver Co-Founder and Director at Quad London 12 13PM on 9th February 2012 This is ridiculous. For someone to say that Optimising a website for a Search Engine is bad for the internet would logically imply that there\'s something wrong with the search engine itself. Ed Lamb 2 17PM on 9th February 2012 I presume he\'s referring to old-style SEO where links are bought or other shady practices are used to push rankings artificially high. That is bad for users. But Authentic Search where quality content is provided on site to match what users are looking for, and promoted off site through quality free editorial, is clearly very good for users. Nick Craig Bronze Managing Director at Mackerel Media 2 29PM on 9th February 2012 How about this for discussion Realistically, we should in the long term consider any traffic received from Google for free as a gift and plan for what is no doubt coming down the line if you make money from Google traffic, expect them to take a cut, unless you have done something remarkable to earn it. Were we talking about physical property, the discussion would be very different. Were Google a shopping centre with a 90% share of footfall we\'d laugh at the idea of letting traders set up stalls and sell for free whilst at the same time charging other tenants for their space. We\'d think it hilarious that we could use sometimes dubious techniques to corral shoppers to our stand....perhaps we\'d put up barriers and PVC banners outside a paying tenant\'s shop diverting people. Can you imagine..."Looking for a Cheap Mobile Phone Come to our cheap mobile phone stand for cheap mobile deals..." etc etc. We\'d be bent over double at the entreaties from retailers who consider themselves ethical and who claim to provide what customers are looking for, yet want to make a profit for themselves without paying rent to the shopping centre, regardless of the information they provide to users at the stand or the special free guides "Getting the most from your organic eggs", naturally written by an \'organic egg guru\' they give away to everyone willing to hand over their mobile phone number or email address. Yet, this is the freedom we all expect from Google. Fair Toni Atkinson Director at Loudlaunch.com 6 18PM on 9th February 2012 Thanks for this post that puts it into perspective. Enough with the stereotypes. These comments are fabulous too... what is bad for the internet is unethical "old-Style" SEO. Love the comparison to "physical property". Aren\'t we just helping the siteowners be accessible to everyone. Users are not dumb. We regularly find good traffic throughout the pages and users know to research and bypass what does not look authentic and that these are the people SEO is for. Let\'s keep showing great SEO! Enter your comment below Name Email Your email address will not be published URL optional Your name will link to this URL Your comment No HTML please Advertise here Popular Most commented Tags Most popular posts this month Four Seasons unveils $18m website 25 brilliant examples of Facebook brand pages Snickers \'hijacks\' Katie Price\'s Twitter account for PR stunt 11 dubious uses of QR codes The 21 most horrific social media facepalms of 2011 Five online advertising trends to expect in 2012 Most commented posts this month 11 dubious uses of QR codes 39 comments Four Seasons unveils $18m website 34 comments Is SEO really bad for the internet 19 comments Google adds social content from Google+ into search results 17 comments Google \'Search, plus Your World\' the experts\' view 16 comments Google+ reaches 100m users 14 comments Popular blog tags View all tags Apple 277 posts Big Media 307 posts Blogs and Blogging 342 posts Design 191 posts Facebook 518 posts Google 1193 posts Interviews 350 posts iphone 280 posts Microsoft 346 posts Research 294 posts Search 621 posts Shopping 501 posts Social Media 901 posts Startups 483 posts stats 345 posts TV 200 posts twitter 574 posts Video 345 posts Web 2.0 850 posts Yahoo 330 posts Advertise here Twitter buzz Tweet No recent tweets to display Most Popular Reports Internet Marketing Strategy Briefing Internet Statistics Compendium Checkout Optimization Guide 70 ways to increase conversion rates Popular Report Topics Search Marketing - Organic/Natural SEO Social Media Web Analytics E-commerce User Experience and Usability Popular Training Topics User Experience and Usability Social Media E-commerce Email Marketing Affiliate Marketing Popular Event Topics Search Marketing - Organic/Natural SEO Social Media Multichannel Marketing User Experience and Usability E-commerce More Blog Press Releases Consulting Services Supplier Directory Member Directory Forums Econsultancy Labs About us Contact Press Center Advertising & Sponsorship Affiliates Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Site map Copyright 2012 E-consultancy.com Limited. All rights reserved. This material is for personal use only. Use of this website constitutes acceptance of the Econsultancy User Agreement and Privacy Policy .')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00895', 'lang "en-GB" xmlns fb "http //www.facebook.com/2008/fbml" xmlns og "http //opengraphprotocol.org/schema/"> Skip to content Member Log In Join Now Basket Contact Us Membership Why Join Econsultancy Pricing & Plans Reports Market Data Internet Statistics Survey Reports Infographics Template Files Web Project Templates Digital Marketing Templates Request For Proposals RFPs Business Cases Best Practice Best Practice Guides Beginner\'s Guides JUMP Magazine Trends & Innovation Innovation Report Trend Briefings Supplier Selection Buyer\'s Guides Event Presentations Training Courses Custom Training SkillSet Qualifications MSc in Digital Marketing Communications MSc in Internet Retailing Graduate Certificates Our Training Team Training Advice Why Train with Econsultancy Events Conferences Digital Cream Dubai Digital Cream New York Digital Cream San Jose JUMP 2012 New York Online Marketing Masterclass Digital Cream London Digital Cream B2B London Digital Cream Sydney JUMP 2012 London FUNNEL Past Conferences Social Events Innovation Awards 2012 Ceremony Digital Cream Dubai Drinks Reception Digital Cream New York Cocktail Reception Digital Vision @ SXSW Qualifications Open Evening - London Digital Nuts - Poker Tournament Past Social Events Briefings Innovation Awards Why enter Categories Judging Awards Ceremony 2011 Winners 2012 Shortlist Jobs View Jobs Post a Job Blog More About Econsultancy Press Releases Consulting Services Supplier Directory Member Directory Forums Best Practice Supplier Selection Other Topics Econsultancy Labs Project Arachnid Browse by topic Affiliate marketing B2B E-commerce & conversion Email marketing Mobile Online advertising Online PR Project management Search marketing SEO, PPC Social media Strategy & business planning User experience & design Web analytics & measurement Home Blog Useful e-commerce trends the promo strip Print Posted 09 February 2012 12 01pm by dan barker with 10 comments Tweet Tweet This post highlights a simple, useful feature that\'s crept onto most of the UK\'s largest e-commerce sites over the last couple of years, with no real coverage. "The promo strip" is not new, but has slowly caught on to the point it\'s almost standard for high street retailers, yet still fairly rare on smaller sites. It\'s a very useful addition from both the customer perspective quickly informative without being overbearing and from the brand perspective conversion orientated without being overbearing! . There are 12 examples below, including variations on the central idea. The Promo Strip Here\'s an example of the most basic version, from Play.com That\'s it. A simple strip of key information that appears under the top navigation of a site, performing a roughly similar function as a direct mail Johnson Box . Sometimes these promote key selling points of the site or the brand itself, other times they highlight current promotions, though really they\'re a nice way to display info that you want every visitor to the site to see. The benefits of placing these under the top navigation are They appear on every page, so no matter where someone lands on the site they see it. Even if visitors are on a low screen resolution, they still see it immediately. The top navigation is where visitors are looking, so - whether they register it consciously or not - almost everyone sees it. 11 More Examples Below are 11 more examples of the trend. In each screengrab, the promo strip is highlighted in green. John Lewis There\'s a theme among the biggest retailers to use the strip for delivery messaging. John Lewis promote their \'free delivery\' threshold, their \'click to collect\' & \'international delivery\' info, along with their famous \'Never Knowingly Undersold\'. Evans Evans follow the trend with Delivery & Returns information, but also include a call to action to sign up to their email list. Topshop Again, Topshop opt for the \'Free UK Delivery\' & an \'international delivery\' promo. House of Fraser House of Fraser copycat John Lewis or maybe it was the other way round with \'store collection\', \'free delivery\', and \'international delivery\' all promoted prominently here. Debenhams And again, Debenhams follows along with Free Delivery, store collection, and international delivery. Interesting variations on the theme Other than the standard \'free delivery over XX, pick up in store\', here are a few variations from retailers who\'ve gone a little further. Marks & Spencer M&S step things up nicely from their competitors, showing international and UK delivery info, but also highlighting current promotions in an area every site visitor will see. M&S almost always has sales on some areas of the site, and this allows the retailer to flag these to everyone who lands on the site. Boux Avenue Another retailer showing their delivery and returns info, but Boux Avenue is worth a mention as - whereas other retailers have lumped the promo strip on top of their existing design - Boux have folded it very neatly in with the overall look/theme of the site. Naked Wines Naked \'s version differs slightly from others. Firstly, it\'s above the navigation. Secondly, it introduces some urgency and a deadline with their \'Order in the next XX minutes for next day delivery\' call to action. Penhaligon\'s Penhaligon\'s fill this area of dead space in its layout with \'free delivery\' info, but also - very usefully for a heavily gifted brand - promotes its free gift wrapping service here. Pen Heaven As with Naked Wines, Pen Heaven again focuses on urgency, offering same day engraving for orders before a particular time. It also features customer reviews heavily here; great for a smaller brand that visitors may not have heard of. Kiddicare Kiddicare is probably the UK\'s leading baby product website. it also leads the way here with its promo strip. First, it beats out all of the standard \'delivery\' promos, with next day delivery in \'1 hour slots\'. Second, it shows off the 365 day return policy. Third, Kiddicare offers a price match promise Taking it far further, the retailer has added these strips down either side of the main content These strips are hidden if you\'re on a smaller resolution eg 1024x768 . For anyone on a larger monitor, they reinforce the price match & fast despatch, but also show off their many awards, and promote their 119,000 product reviews. Summary As you can see, these have popped up all over the place. They\'re a very simple addition to highlight features or info you want to show off to all of your visitors. If you run an e-commerce site, and haven\'t already tried this, it\'s worth testing. If you\'re already running this with the bog standard \'free delivery over xx\', it\'s worth trialing some other ideas to see the impact they have. There are some nice extensions to this too personalising them to include discount codes depending on traffic source, etc. If you\'re willing to A/B test it, it\'s probably worth paying more attention to the impact it has on \'new visitors\' or first time buyers, rather than your overall conversion rate. Do leave a comment if you\'ve seen any other interesting examples of this, or had any experience yourself around results. Dan Barker is an E-Business Consultant and a guest blogger on Econsultancy. Recommended reports Checkout Optimization Guide 70 ways to increase conversion rates Problems with the checkout process are still the biggest single source of revenue loss for most e-commerce businesses. This report identifies 70 awesome recommendations and includes lots of practical insight to help you reduce your checkout abandonment rates. Alternatively, see our The Future of Digital Marketing 2010 - Presentations or E-commerce Platforms Buyer\'s Guide . Reader comments 10 Add your own Paul Rouke Gold Head of Usability & Conversion at PRWD 12 36PM on 9th February 2012 Great article Dan, highlighting something which I have been talking about and presenting ideas on over the last 12 months. The promo strip is a great example of a design pattern which I am seeing users actively engage with during user testing sessions. Your summary of the benefits of this feature is spot on too... "It\'s a very useful addition from both the customer perspective quickly informative without being overbearing and from the brand perspective conversion orientated without being overbearing! " Picking up on the Naked Wines example you have provided, they have in fact featured this countdown timer since they launched their site, and its a superb way to deliver a persuasive technique creating a sense of urgency to which you can almost guarantee all site visitors will see, even if only sub-consciously. A quick recommendation I make to retailers when they are implementing these strips is to not try cramming too many messages in the space. If you compare John Lewis to Pen Heaven or Kiddicare, it takes less effort to scan the latter two sites messages, along with them using visual elements to help differentiate the messages. Thanks again for a great post! dan barker Bronze E-Business Consultant at Dan Barker 12 54PM on 9th February 2012 Thanks, Paul! And great advice. Interestingly, I don\'t think the Naked Wines design had it from the start. I could be wrong, but I think this was their original http //bit.ly/originalnw I think that makes a nice point too - it\'s really useful to test this kind of thing to find out what works for your site, your audience, and your business needs. Thanks again! dan Depesh Mandalia Diamond Senior Marketing Manager - Personalisation & MVT at Tesco.com 1 19PM on 9th February 2012 Agree on your point that its been quietly bubbling away on many e-com sites without too much focus. Very useful when used in the right way. One thing I\'ve not seen is contextualising and personalising this area - there are pros and cons associated with this but used correctly, you could use profile data on the user ie first visit, categories browsed etc to provide some persuasive prompting; e.g. for a first time visitor provide generic deliver/returns/click & collect/etc info and start tailoring the message as a visitor moves from first time to a potential customer, to becoming a customer etc... and then within things that fit your brand such as male/female like the M&S example, simply choosing whether to display the Men\'s or Women\'s Trouser Offer Dan Ball 1 31PM on 9th February 2012 Great article Dan! They are fantastic examples of persuading the user without bombarding them with too much information. I couldn\'t agree more with Paul about the scanning the messages. How adding a bit of colour to break the different messages down alongside more leading text. Another great example of this is ASOS, they really are fantastic and persuading through out the customer journey. Albie Attias Silver Ecommerce Director at Eurosimm Ltd 2 15PM on 9th February 2012 Interesting to see so many retailers using the bar to promote their delivery offerings. Perhaps it\'s because most of their customers are familiar with their wider propositions so they don\'t need to push the \'why choose us\' message. I\'d advocate using the bar to push the key USPs for the business, particularly for smaller, less well known retailers fighting to make their mark. It would be interesting to see eye tracking studies or survey people using sites featuring promo bars to see if the content registers with them or not. Given that the bar is likely to be in their eyeline as they journey through the site, I\'d wager that it registers subconsciously even if they dont actively read it. Tim Leighton-Boyce Analyst at CxFocus 3 43PM on 9th February 2012 Very interesting indeed. Thanks, Dan. I think it\'s very good when patterns like these start to emerge. As with top navigation and side navigation or email address then password for login as an even more common one it helps if new visitors have some expectation of where some things may be. I agree with Albie that the \'why choose us\' message is very important too. Not one of these examples does much along those lines. I think they\'re assuming everyone will recognise them, which is no longer a safe bet. But in fact I think a USP message need to be bigger and more prominent than these strips. One question for Paul you mention people engaging with these strips in usability tests. Was that just mentioning them in \'think out loud\' or actually clicking, please I\'m reassured either way, because all too often I find people manage to miss even prominent messages. But I\'m also slightly concerned if someone\'s first reaction when landing on a site was to click for details on something like this, even if it does demonstrate a keen commercial intent! Robert "Butch" Greenawalt 3 49PM on 9th February 2012 In most instances it was displayed on the main page and as the writer pointed out it can appear on all pages. I believe it could be very useful as it is an upsell on the checkout page. #opinion. It distracts from the natural flow of the menu and home page flow and would cause most consumers to pause just long enough to wonder why they are there and leave. A more interesting study Albie would be a correlation between eye tracking and conversion rates as while I certainly agree it\'s a great idea it\'s the type of distraction that can potentially loose a customer if over used. It would be unusual that something like this would have been incorporated into the original design of the site and as such adding it afterwords without breaking up the natural flow of the original design would be difficult. I think it\'s an excellent way to drawer additional value to your site but only if used in moderation and where a customer might naturally expect to see it. Very nice article Dan Cheers, Robert Rich 9 13AM on 10th February 2012 I\'ve done some research around this area and have started to call them confidence banners, since they often don\'t aim to directly convert with a call to action, merely instill confidence in the customer making them more likely to make a purchase later on. Tim Leighton-Boyce Analyst at CxFocus 11 14AM on 10th February 2012 That\'s interesting Rich. What kind of research did you do Or is that a cheeky question I\'m not asking for intrusive detail, just the general type of thing! Rich 4 54PM on 10th February 2012 Not at all Tim! Mainly the importance and distinction between two types of banners we\'ve come to identify as confidence banners and conversion banners. Also general practice in placement and functionality of each. Conversion banners usually being more prominent on a page and containing a direct call to action. Enter your comment below Name Email Your email address will not be published URL optional Your name will link to this URL Your comment No HTML please Advertise here Popular Most commented Tags Most popular posts this month Four Seasons unveils $18m website 25 brilliant examples of Facebook brand pages Snickers \'hijacks\' Katie Price\'s Twitter account for PR stunt 11 dubious uses of QR codes The 21 most horrific social media facepalms of 2011 Five online advertising trends to expect in 2012 Most commented posts this month 11 dubious uses of QR codes 39 comments Four Seasons unveils $18m website 34 comments Is SEO really bad for the internet 19 comments Google adds social content from Google+ into search results 17 comments Google \'Search, plus Your World\' the experts\' view 16 comments Google+ reaches 100m users 14 comments Popular blog tags View all tags Apple 277 posts Big Media 307 posts Blogs and Blogging 342 posts Design 191 posts Facebook 518 posts Google 1193 posts Interviews 350 posts iphone 280 posts Microsoft 346 posts Research 294 posts Search 621 posts Shopping 501 posts Social Media 901 posts Startups 483 posts stats 345 posts TV 200 posts twitter 574 posts Video 345 posts Web 2.0 850 posts Yahoo 330 posts Advertise here Twitter buzz Tweet No recent tweets to display Most Popular Reports Internet Marketing Strategy Briefing Internet Statistics Compendium Checkout Optimization Guide 70 ways to increase conversion rates Popular Report Topics Search Marketing - Organic/Natural SEO Social Media Web Analytics E-commerce User Experience and Usability Popular Training Topics User Experience and Usability Social Media E-commerce Email Marketing Affiliate Marketing Popular Event Topics Search Marketing - Organic/Natural SEO Social Media Multichannel Marketing User Experience and Usability E-commerce More Blog Press Releases Consulting Services Supplier Directory Member Directory Forums Econsultancy Labs About us Contact Press Center Advertising & Sponsorship Affiliates Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Site map Copyright 2012 E-consultancy.com Limited. All rights reserved. This material is for personal use only. Use of this website constitutes acceptance of the Econsultancy User Agreement and Privacy Policy .')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00896', 'lang "en-GB" xmlns fb "http //www.facebook.com/2008/fbml" xmlns og "http //opengraphprotocol.org/schema/"> Skip to content Member Log In Join Now Basket Contact Us Membership Why Join Econsultancy Pricing & Plans Reports Market Data Internet Statistics Survey Reports Infographics Template Files Web Project Templates Digital Marketing Templates Request For Proposals RFPs Business Cases Best Practice Best Practice Guides Beginner\'s Guides JUMP Magazine Trends & Innovation Innovation Report Trend Briefings Supplier Selection Buyer\'s Guides Event Presentations Training Courses Custom Training SkillSet Qualifications MSc in Digital Marketing Communications MSc in Internet Retailing Graduate Certificates Our Training Team Training Advice Why Train with Econsultancy Events Conferences Digital Cream Dubai Digital Cream New York Digital Cream San Jose JUMP 2012 New York Online Marketing Masterclass Digital Cream London Digital Cream B2B London Digital Cream Sydney JUMP 2012 London FUNNEL Past Conferences Social Events Innovation Awards 2012 Ceremony Digital Cream Dubai Drinks Reception Digital Cream New York Cocktail Reception Digital Vision @ SXSW Qualifications Open Evening - London Digital Nuts - Poker Tournament Past Social Events Briefings Innovation Awards Why enter Categories Judging Awards Ceremony 2011 Winners 2012 Shortlist Jobs View Jobs Post a Job Blog More About Econsultancy Press Releases Consulting Services Supplier Directory Member Directory Forums Best Practice Supplier Selection Other Topics Econsultancy Labs Project Arachnid Browse by topic Affiliate marketing B2B E-commerce & conversion Email marketing Mobile Online advertising Online PR Project management Search marketing SEO, PPC Social media Strategy & business planning User experience & design Web analytics & measurement Home Blog Useful e-commerce trends the promo strip Print Posted 09 February 2012 12 01pm by dan barker with 10 comments Tweet Tweet This post highlights a simple, useful feature that\'s crept onto most of the UK\'s largest e-commerce sites over the last couple of years, with no real coverage. "The promo strip" is not new, but has slowly caught on to the point it\'s almost standard for high street retailers, yet still fairly rare on smaller sites. It\'s a very useful addition from both the customer perspective quickly informative without being overbearing and from the brand perspective conversion orientated without being overbearing! . There are 12 examples below, including variations on the central idea. The Promo Strip Here\'s an example of the most basic version, from Play.com That\'s it. A simple strip of key information that appears under the top navigation of a site, performing a roughly similar function as a direct mail Johnson Box . Sometimes these promote key selling points of the site or the brand itself, other times they highlight current promotions, though really they\'re a nice way to display info that you want every visitor to the site to see. The benefits of placing these under the top navigation are They appear on every page, so no matter where someone lands on the site they see it. Even if visitors are on a low screen resolution, they still see it immediately. The top navigation is where visitors are looking, so - whether they register it consciously or not - almost everyone sees it. 11 More Examples Below are 11 more examples of the trend. In each screengrab, the promo strip is highlighted in green. John Lewis There\'s a theme among the biggest retailers to use the strip for delivery messaging. John Lewis promote their \'free delivery\' threshold, their \'click to collect\' & \'international delivery\' info, along with their famous \'Never Knowingly Undersold\'. Evans Evans follow the trend with Delivery & Returns information, but also include a call to action to sign up to their email list. Topshop Again, Topshop opt for the \'Free UK Delivery\' & an \'international delivery\' promo. House of Fraser House of Fraser copycat John Lewis or maybe it was the other way round with \'store collection\', \'free delivery\', and \'international delivery\' all promoted prominently here. Debenhams And again, Debenhams follows along with Free Delivery, store collection, and international delivery. Interesting variations on the theme Other than the standard \'free delivery over XX, pick up in store\', here are a few variations from retailers who\'ve gone a little further. Marks & Spencer M&S step things up nicely from their competitors, showing international and UK delivery info, but also highlighting current promotions in an area every site visitor will see. M&S almost always has sales on some areas of the site, and this allows the retailer to flag these to everyone who lands on the site. Boux Avenue Another retailer showing their delivery and returns info, but Boux Avenue is worth a mention as - whereas other retailers have lumped the promo strip on top of their existing design - Boux have folded it very neatly in with the overall look/theme of the site. Naked Wines Naked \'s version differs slightly from others. Firstly, it\'s above the navigation. Secondly, it introduces some urgency and a deadline with their \'Order in the next XX minutes for next day delivery\' call to action. Penhaligon\'s Penhaligon\'s fill this area of dead space in its layout with \'free delivery\' info, but also - very usefully for a heavily gifted brand - promotes its free gift wrapping service here. Pen Heaven As with Naked Wines, Pen Heaven again focuses on urgency, offering same day engraving for orders before a particular time. It also features customer reviews heavily here; great for a smaller brand that visitors may not have heard of. Kiddicare Kiddicare is probably the UK\'s leading baby product website. it also leads the way here with its promo strip. First, it beats out all of the standard \'delivery\' promos, with next day delivery in \'1 hour slots\'. Second, it shows off the 365 day return policy. Third, Kiddicare offers a price match promise Taking it far further, the retailer has added these strips down either side of the main content These strips are hidden if you\'re on a smaller resolution eg 1024x768 . For anyone on a larger monitor, they reinforce the price match & fast despatch, but also show off their many awards, and promote their 119,000 product reviews. Summary As you can see, these have popped up all over the place. They\'re a very simple addition to highlight features or info you want to show off to all of your visitors. If you run an e-commerce site, and haven\'t already tried this, it\'s worth testing. If you\'re already running this with the bog standard \'free delivery over xx\', it\'s worth trialing some other ideas to see the impact they have. There are some nice extensions to this too personalising them to include discount codes depending on traffic source, etc. If you\'re willing to A/B test it, it\'s probably worth paying more attention to the impact it has on \'new visitors\' or first time buyers, rather than your overall conversion rate. Do leave a comment if you\'ve seen any other interesting examples of this, or had any experience yourself around results. Dan Barker is an E-Business Consultant and a guest blogger on Econsultancy. Recommended reports Checkout Optimization Guide 70 ways to increase conversion rates Problems with the checkout process are still the biggest single source of revenue loss for most e-commerce businesses. This report identifies 70 awesome recommendations and includes lots of practical insight to help you reduce your checkout abandonment rates. Alternatively, see our The Future of Digital Marketing 2010 - Presentations or E-commerce Platforms Buyer\'s Guide . Reader comments 10 Add your own Paul Rouke Gold Head of Usability & Conversion at PRWD 12 36PM on 9th February 2012 Great article Dan, highlighting something which I have been talking about and presenting ideas on over the last 12 months. The promo strip is a great example of a design pattern which I am seeing users actively engage with during user testing sessions. Your summary of the benefits of this feature is spot on too... "It\'s a very useful addition from both the customer perspective quickly informative without being overbearing and from the brand perspective conversion orientated without being overbearing! " Picking up on the Naked Wines example you have provided, they have in fact featured this countdown timer since they launched their site, and its a superb way to deliver a persuasive technique creating a sense of urgency to which you can almost guarantee all site visitors will see, even if only sub-consciously. A quick recommendation I make to retailers when they are implementing these strips is to not try cramming too many messages in the space. If you compare John Lewis to Pen Heaven or Kiddicare, it takes less effort to scan the latter two sites messages, along with them using visual elements to help differentiate the messages. Thanks again for a great post! dan barker Bronze E-Business Consultant at Dan Barker 12 54PM on 9th February 2012 Thanks, Paul! And great advice. Interestingly, I don\'t think the Naked Wines design had it from the start. I could be wrong, but I think this was their original http //bit.ly/originalnw I think that makes a nice point too - it\'s really useful to test this kind of thing to find out what works for your site, your audience, and your business needs. Thanks again! dan Depesh Mandalia Diamond Senior Marketing Manager - Personalisation & MVT at Tesco.com 1 19PM on 9th February 2012 Agree on your point that its been quietly bubbling away on many e-com sites without too much focus. Very useful when used in the right way. One thing I\'ve not seen is contextualising and personalising this area - there are pros and cons associated with this but used correctly, you could use profile data on the user ie first visit, categories browsed etc to provide some persuasive prompting; e.g. for a first time visitor provide generic deliver/returns/click & collect/etc info and start tailoring the message as a visitor moves from first time to a potential customer, to becoming a customer etc... and then within things that fit your brand such as male/female like the M&S example, simply choosing whether to display the Men\'s or Women\'s Trouser Offer Dan Ball 1 31PM on 9th February 2012 Great article Dan! They are fantastic examples of persuading the user without bombarding them with too much information. I couldn\'t agree more with Paul about the scanning the messages. How adding a bit of colour to break the different messages down alongside more leading text. Another great example of this is ASOS, they really are fantastic and persuading through out the customer journey. Albie Attias Silver Ecommerce Director at Eurosimm Ltd 2 15PM on 9th February 2012 Interesting to see so many retailers using the bar to promote their delivery offerings. Perhaps it\'s because most of their customers are familiar with their wider propositions so they don\'t need to push the \'why choose us\' message. I\'d advocate using the bar to push the key USPs for the business, particularly for smaller, less well known retailers fighting to make their mark. It would be interesting to see eye tracking studies or survey people using sites featuring promo bars to see if the content registers with them or not. Given that the bar is likely to be in their eyeline as they journey through the site, I\'d wager that it registers subconsciously even if they dont actively read it. Tim Leighton-Boyce Analyst at CxFocus 3 43PM on 9th February 2012 Very interesting indeed. Thanks, Dan. I think it\'s very good when patterns like these start to emerge. As with top navigation and side navigation or email address then password for login as an even more common one it helps if new visitors have some expectation of where some things may be. I agree with Albie that the \'why choose us\' message is very important too. Not one of these examples does much along those lines. I think they\'re assuming everyone will recognise them, which is no longer a safe bet. But in fact I think a USP message need to be bigger and more prominent than these strips. One question for Paul you mention people engaging with these strips in usability tests. Was that just mentioning them in \'think out loud\' or actually clicking, please I\'m reassured either way, because all too often I find people manage to miss even prominent messages. But I\'m also slightly concerned if someone\'s first reaction when landing on a site was to click for details on something like this, even if it does demonstrate a keen commercial intent! Robert "Butch" Greenawalt 3 49PM on 9th February 2012 In most instances it was displayed on the main page and as the writer pointed out it can appear on all pages. I believe it could be very useful as it is an upsell on the checkout page. #opinion. It distracts from the natural flow of the menu and home page flow and would cause most consumers to pause just long enough to wonder why they are there and leave. A more interesting study Albie would be a correlation between eye tracking and conversion rates as while I certainly agree it\'s a great idea it\'s the type of distraction that can potentially loose a customer if over used. It would be unusual that something like this would have been incorporated into the original design of the site and as such adding it afterwords without breaking up the natural flow of the original design would be difficult. I think it\'s an excellent way to drawer additional value to your site but only if used in moderation and where a customer might naturally expect to see it. Very nice article Dan Cheers, Robert Rich 9 13AM on 10th February 2012 I\'ve done some research around this area and have started to call them confidence banners, since they often don\'t aim to directly convert with a call to action, merely instill confidence in the customer making them more likely to make a purchase later on. Tim Leighton-Boyce Analyst at CxFocus 11 14AM on 10th February 2012 That\'s interesting Rich. What kind of research did you do Or is that a cheeky question I\'m not asking for intrusive detail, just the general type of thing! Rich 4 54PM on 10th February 2012 Not at all Tim! Mainly the importance and distinction between two types of banners we\'ve come to identify as confidence banners and conversion banners. Also general practice in placement and functionality of each. Conversion banners usually being more prominent on a page and containing a direct call to action. Enter your comment below Name Email Your email address will not be published URL optional Your name will link to this URL Your comment No HTML please Advertise here Popular Most commented Tags Most popular posts this month Four Seasons unveils $18m website 25 brilliant examples of Facebook brand pages Snickers \'hijacks\' Katie Price\'s Twitter account for PR stunt 11 dubious uses of QR codes The 21 most horrific social media facepalms of 2011 Five online advertising trends to expect in 2012 Most commented posts this month 11 dubious uses of QR codes 39 comments Four Seasons unveils $18m website 34 comments Is SEO really bad for the internet 19 comments Google adds social content from Google+ into search results 17 comments Google \'Search, plus Your World\' the experts\' view 16 comments Google+ reaches 100m users 14 comments Popular blog tags View all tags Apple 277 posts Big Media 307 posts Blogs and Blogging 342 posts Design 191 posts Facebook 518 posts Google 1193 posts Interviews 350 posts iphone 280 posts Microsoft 346 posts Research 294 posts Search 621 posts Shopping 501 posts Social Media 901 posts Startups 483 posts stats 345 posts TV 200 posts twitter 574 posts Video 345 posts Web 2.0 850 posts Yahoo 330 posts Advertise here Twitter buzz Tweet No recent tweets to display Most Popular Reports Internet Marketing Strategy Briefing Internet Statistics Compendium Checkout Optimization Guide 70 ways to increase conversion rates Popular Report Topics Search Marketing - Organic/Natural SEO Social Media Web Analytics E-commerce User Experience and Usability Popular Training Topics User Experience and Usability Social Media E-commerce Email Marketing Affiliate Marketing Popular Event Topics Search Marketing - Organic/Natural SEO Social Media Multichannel Marketing User Experience and Usability E-commerce More Blog Press Releases Consulting Services Supplier Directory Member Directory Forums Econsultancy Labs About us Contact Press Center Advertising & Sponsorship Affiliates Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Site map Copyright 2012 E-consultancy.com Limited. All rights reserved. This material is for personal use only. Use of this website constitutes acceptance of the Econsultancy User Agreement and Privacy Policy .')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00897', 'lang "en-GB" xmlns fb "http //www.facebook.com/2008/fbml" xmlns og "http //opengraphprotocol.org/schema/"> Skip to content Member Log In Join Now Basket Contact Us Membership Why Join Econsultancy Pricing & Plans Reports Market Data Internet Statistics Survey Reports Infographics Template Files Web Project Templates Digital Marketing Templates Request For Proposals RFPs Business Cases Best Practice Best Practice Guides Beginner\'s Guides JUMP Magazine Trends & Innovation Innovation Report Trend Briefings Supplier Selection Buyer\'s Guides Event Presentations Training Courses Custom Training SkillSet Qualifications MSc in Digital Marketing Communications MSc in Internet Retailing Graduate Certificates Our Training Team Training Advice Why Train with Econsultancy Events Conferences Digital Cream Dubai Digital Cream New York Digital Cream San Jose JUMP 2012 New York Online Marketing Masterclass Digital Cream London Digital Cream B2B London Digital Cream Sydney JUMP 2012 London FUNNEL Past Conferences Social Events Innovation Awards 2012 Ceremony Digital Cream Dubai Drinks Reception Digital Cream New York Cocktail Reception Digital Vision @ SXSW Qualifications Open Evening - London Digital Nuts - Poker Tournament Past Social Events Briefings Innovation Awards Why enter Categories Judging Awards Ceremony 2011 Winners 2012 Shortlist Jobs View Jobs Post a Job Blog More About Econsultancy Press Releases Consulting Services Supplier Directory Member Directory Forums Best Practice Supplier Selection Other Topics Econsultancy Labs Project Arachnid Browse by topic Affiliate marketing B2B E-commerce & conversion Email marketing Mobile Online advertising Online PR Project management Search marketing SEO, PPC Social media Strategy & business planning User experience & design Web analytics & measurement Home Blog Domino\'s UK says 13% of digital sales come from tablet or smartphone Print Posted 09 February 2012 11 42am by Vikki Chowney with 2 comments Tweet Tweet Domino\'s Pizza UK & Ireland has revealed that 13% of its digital sales come through a tablet or smartphone. These stats were released today as the company also launched a Windows 7 version of its mobile app the seventh channel that\'s now available for mobile sales. Mobile has proved to be a hugely successful avenue for Domino s; the company s iPhone app alone has generated over 10m in sales in the past year and now accounts for 4.1% of all online orders. Domino\'s head of commercial systems Paul Francis, says that the brand lends itself brilliantly to mobile retail. 13% of all digital sales come though a tablet or smartphone so we know that for many customers, mobile is the preferred way of ordering. We have ambitious plans for 2012 and I am delighted that we can offer this new app for the Windows Phone 7 platform. We look forward to hearing what our customers think. Whereas Domino s multimedia manager Nick Dutch highlighted that this new app release, built by Vexed Digital, is a response to developing consumer trends and staying "ahead of the game". With WP7 we see a great opportunity to get into the hands of loyal Nokia fans, who will be upgrading as WP7 launches." Back in September we reviewed Domino s iPad app , which to this day provides a significant advantage for the company over its main rival, Pizza Hut - which has not done anything with mobile at all in the UK at least . Like the iPhone version , the iPad app developed by Somo is well designed and intuitive to use, and the larger screen allows it to use high resolution images of its pizzas. The brand also released a second app in the app in the US in November. Named Pizza Hero, it s a game format that times how long it takes for you to virtually top a pizza, with points awarded for performance. Once you\'ve passed levels one through five, affectionately nicknamed Pizza School, other players will get a chance to rate your performance. Players can then, of course, order a real delivery through the app. Domino\'s also announced today that it was reviewing its digital and direct marketing account. A large proportion of Domino\'s marketing budget is spent on digital advertising, with nearly half of its pizza sales now made online. Vikki is News Editor for Econsultancy. You can follow her on Twitter or Google+ . Recommended reports Global Mobile Statistics Econsultancy\'s Global Mobile Statistics document is one of 11 individual downloads that make up Econsultancy s Global Internet Statistics Compendium, a comprehensive compilation of worldwide statistics and online market research with data, facts, charts and figures that are essential to understanding the marketplace as a whole. Alternatively, see our Mobile Websites and Apps Optimization Best Practice Guide or Internet Marketing Strategy Briefing . Reader comments 2 Add your own Chris hughes 10 01AM on 10th February 2012 I feel many companies this year will see an increase of orders through tablet and smartphones, Time are changing. alonso 8 01PM on 10th February 2012 pizza is the best especially dominos Enter your comment below Name Email Your email address will not be published URL optional Your name will link to this URL Your comment No HTML please Advertise here Popular Most commented Tags Most popular posts this month Four Seasons unveils $18m website 25 brilliant examples of Facebook brand pages Snickers \'hijacks\' Katie Price\'s Twitter account for PR stunt 11 dubious uses of QR codes The 21 most horrific social media facepalms of 2011 Five online advertising trends to expect in 2012 Most commented posts this month 11 dubious uses of QR codes 39 comments Four Seasons unveils $18m website 34 comments Is SEO really bad for the internet 19 comments Google adds social content from Google+ into search results 17 comments Google \'Search, plus Your World\' the experts\' view 16 comments Google+ reaches 100m users 14 comments Popular blog tags View all tags Apple 277 posts Big Media 307 posts Blogs and Blogging 342 posts Design 191 posts Facebook 518 posts Google 1193 posts Interviews 350 posts iphone 280 posts Microsoft 346 posts Research 294 posts Search 621 posts Shopping 501 posts Social Media 901 posts Startups 483 posts stats 345 posts TV 200 posts twitter 574 posts Video 345 posts Web 2.0 850 posts Yahoo 330 posts Advertise here Twitter buzz Tweet No recent tweets to display Most Popular Reports Internet Marketing Strategy Briefing Internet Statistics Compendium Checkout Optimization Guide 70 ways to increase conversion rates Popular Report Topics Search Marketing - Organic/Natural SEO Social Media Web Analytics E-commerce User Experience and Usability Popular Training Topics User Experience and Usability Social Media E-commerce Email Marketing Affiliate Marketing Popular Event Topics Search Marketing - Organic/Natural SEO Social Media Multichannel Marketing User Experience and Usability E-commerce More Blog Press Releases Consulting Services Supplier Directory Member Directory Forums Econsultancy Labs About us Contact Press Center Advertising & Sponsorship Affiliates Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Site map Copyright 2012 E-consultancy.com Limited. All rights reserved. This material is for personal use only. Use of this website constitutes acceptance of the Econsultancy User Agreement and Privacy Policy .')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00898', 'lang "en-GB" xmlns fb "http //www.facebook.com/2008/fbml" xmlns og "http //opengraphprotocol.org/schema/"> Skip to content Member Log In Join Now Basket Contact Us Membership Why Join Econsultancy Pricing & Plans Reports Market Data Internet Statistics Survey Reports Infographics Template Files Web Project Templates Digital Marketing Templates Request For Proposals RFPs Business Cases Best Practice Best Practice Guides Beginner\'s Guides JUMP Magazine Trends & Innovation Innovation Report Trend Briefings Supplier Selection Buyer\'s Guides Event Presentations Training Courses Custom Training SkillSet Qualifications MSc in Digital Marketing Communications MSc in Internet Retailing Graduate Certificates Our Training Team Training Advice Why Train with Econsultancy Events Conferences Digital Cream Dubai Digital Cream New York Digital Cream San Jose JUMP 2012 New York Online Marketing Masterclass Digital Cream London Digital Cream B2B London Digital Cream Sydney JUMP 2012 London FUNNEL Past Conferences Social Events Innovation Awards 2012 Ceremony Digital Cream Dubai Drinks Reception Digital Cream New York Cocktail Reception Digital Vision @ SXSW Qualifications Open Evening - London Digital Nuts - Poker Tournament Past Social Events Briefings Innovation Awards Why enter Categories Judging Awards Ceremony 2011 Winners 2012 Shortlist Jobs View Jobs Post a Job Blog More About Econsultancy Press Releases Consulting Services Supplier Directory Member Directory Forums Best Practice Supplier Selection Other Topics Econsultancy Labs Project Arachnid Browse by topic Affiliate marketing B2B E-commerce & conversion Email marketing Mobile Online advertising Online PR Project management Search marketing SEO, PPC Social media Strategy & business planning User experience & design Web analytics & measurement Home Blog Innovative trends to watch in 2012 Print Posted 10 February 2012 09 22am by Matt Owen with 1 comment Tweet Tweet Having made it to the shortlist for the 2012 Econsultancy Innovation Awards , it s fair to say the people we ve been interviewing this week know a thing or two about bright ideas. Today we asked them to cast an eye back over the last twelve months and identify the innovations they feel have had the biggest effect on the marketing landscape. Of course, hindsight is always 20/20, so we also challenged them to gaze ahead and offer their opinions on the trends to watch in 2012... Unsurprisingly, there was a lot of crossover, with mobile, video and social technologies all emerging as consistent trends to watch. While some technologies are still in their infancy, savvy marketers are starting to experiment with new channels as soon as the opportunity presents itself. The expanding mobile market The Year of Mobile may have been repeated to the point of clich , but many contributors felt that 2011 was the year when mobile devices became ubiquitous. Concerns about multichannel attribution finally became a reality for marketers, while optimisation and platform relevance would increase in importance going forward. Nishma Robb, Business Development & Marketing Director at I Spy Marketing summed this up nicely In 2011 we were told that it was the year of mobile although we at I Spy thought that it was the year of the smartphone. This year we think that it will be the year of multichannel integration on smartphones. While many others commented on the expected expansion of the market in 2012. Maani Safa, Innovation Director at Somo talked about the role of tablets Looking ahead I believe there will be an explosion in tablet-first applications. To date the mobile space has predominantly focused on consumer markets. In the year ahead I am particularly interested in how mobile and tablet devices can be put to use within the enterprise. Jonathan Horden, MD/COO at PrismaStar The rise of the tablet; whether it\'s Apple s iPad or Amazon s Kindle, innovation in tablet technology has been phenomenal in 2011 and has now bridged the gap from early adopter to main stream technology must have. Could these be the death of the laptop More efficient data tracking and use Jonathan also felt that understanding the data setsprovided by multiple devices would be key to success in the future, a view echoed by a number of those we interviewed The biggest trend has to be convergence, creating a unified online experience across whatever channel the consumer wants to interact with the ability to transfer that experience to any other media. This includes mobile phones, tablets, the PC at work, the laptop at home, calls to telesales or customer services and any in-store experience. A shopper can browse for products on our in-store kiosks, transfer results to his home PC or mobile device, complete the transaction with a telesales operative, or any combination of the above! The entire experience is consistent and integrated across all channels. Chris Ward,European MD at Kenshoo , and HSBC Expat s Head of Marketing Lisa Wood also felt strongly about this Chris Ward I think the biggest trend for 2012 will be consolidation. With multiple new channels emerging, marketers will want to consolidate all their activity on one platform/dashboard. It has become even more important now to be able to see the larger picture and understand how all the different marketing activities tie in together to help achieve a goal. Lisa Wood Increasingly businesses also need to view and manage all their digital activity in the wider context of the digital marketing ecosystem . Everything is interconnected. Paid media can launch a viral campaign based on owned content, generating earned media conversations and links, which drive traffic, improve search engine rankings and ultimately save money in paid media ads that can be reinvested. Overlaying this will be the need for one analytics package that allows businesses to see the effects of digital marketing efforts across the ecosystem, and ultimately compare ROI of paid, owned and earned media using a common set of metrics. The importance of video Lisa was one of many who believed in the growing importance of video next year , despite the problems presented by multiple platform deployment. In addition, many believe that TV will once more move to the forefront for advertisers, thanks to connected technologies and increased integration. Lisa explains Google TV was probably inevitable, but the fact that you can now use your mobile as a remote control for your TV when you re on the move is a great innovation. Increasingly I think we ll see mobile devices being able to control all aspects of your life. 3D TV is starting to really take-off and the fact that you re going to be able to view 3D TV without glasses will mean this innovation is more than a fad. Couple this with the latest camera gadgets that allow you to shoot your own 3D film and this becomes a really interesting area. As founder of video agency Adjust Your Set , Chris Gorell Barnes is well placed to comment on increasing importance of video Video will be everywhere. So prevalent has video become as the pre-eminent communication tool of our age that Cisco has claimed that by 2015, 1m minutes of video will cross the internet every second. The next 12 months we ll see a rise in communication and engagement using video across multiple channels. There will also be a rise in mobile as a marketing channel, particularly mobile vouchers and these devices working together, engaging with content that will lead to sales for brands both via e-commerce and in-store. Michael Steckler, Managing Director, Northern Europe for Criteo told us Connected TV/Video online, driven by both social applications and devices the way we consume TV will never be the same again, morphing into sophisticated applications, which allow you to interact in real-time. Miso and Zeebox are a couple of examples of companies that are really taking the lead in the social video space. Video is an area where we will probably see more consolidation. With $160bn to play for globally, it s an extremely hot area and much like display advertising, we may start to see a divergence between video advertising that has a more direct response utilising data, multiple creative and real-time user feedback and brand advertising which will be driven more by the content experience, engaging formats and new distribution channels. Personalisation and integration Overall, respondents felt that 2012 would see an increased leap into multichannel, with more accurate data attribution and tracking combining with increased use of mobile technology to create a more socially driven experience. Dan Robins is Head of Paid Search at Carat / iProspect I think 2012 will be the first year digital properly bridges the gap into offline. Carat has proven the link between search and in store sales, Google is releasing more voucher-type products , QR codes have really exploded despite many years in the doldrums to name a few, and I think advertisers are no longer able to view their online channel in isolation. Added to this I think digital marketers will finally make the break through into exactly how to get to grips with attribution modelling. For all too long, we ve been talking about it as being important to look into but the models have been slow to produce, unwieldy and really speaking didn t show to much of use. As cross-channel technologies such as Ignition One and Marin develop and their use grows, more advertisers will find it easier to build cross-channel attribution models and actually put them to good use, driving efficiency in their activity. This increased ability to track consumer behaviour looks set to transform campaigns, making it possible for companies to provide truly integrated, optimised customer journeys for the first time. This in turn is driving a remodelling of display and targeted marketing messages. Deepak Jha VP of Commercial at tour booking site isango! Covered all of this in his response Mobile. As more attractions and tour organisers start accepting paperless vouchers, tablets become more sophisticated and roaming charges come down- the battle will shift from search to bookings. Social media. Integration of facebook and the trading websites so that brands can influence customers based on the behaviours and attitudes of their friends in the reference group. Globalisation The ability to adapt the business to local context in emerging markets like BRICS Brasil, India, Russia, China, South Africa and MENA Middle East and North Africa . We rolled out Love Orlando Tickets to Brazil recently and got an excellent response, however there were many local contextual factors that we had to address on the way. What are your thoughts on the coming year Do you think that increased globalisation and multiple touchpoint campaigns will increase, or do you feel that personalised journeys are still out of reach on traditional platforms like TV despite new interactive and integrated technology We d love to hear your opinions in the comments. As we draw closer to this year\'s Innovation Awards , we ll continue to post responses from our shortlist on a variety of innovative topics. Click here to see this year s full shortlist and book your table for our awards ceremony, taking place in London on February 23rd. For further information you can also download our regularly updated Innovation Report . Matt Owen is Social Media Manager at Econsultancy. You can follow him on Twitter , add him to your circles on Google Plus , or hook up on LinkedIn . Recommended reports Global Mobile Statistics Econsultancy\'s Global Mobile Statistics document is one of 11 individual downloads that make up Econsultancy s Global Internet Statistics Compendium, a comprehensive compilation of worldwide statistics and online market research with data, facts, charts and figures that are essential to understanding the marketplace as a whole. Alternatively, see our Future Trends Innovation Briefing or North America Mobile Statistics . Reader comments 1 Add your own Paul Baldovin 2 55PM on 10th February 2012 There will be a trend for software platforms that create, manage distribute digital content. Manufacturers and retailers will replace static product content with high performing, cross-channel, interactive experiences dramatically improving control and productivity. Enter your comment below Name Email Your email address will not be published URL optional Your name will link to this URL Your comment No HTML please Advertise here Popular Most commented Tags Most popular posts this month Four Seasons unveils $18m website 25 brilliant examples of Facebook brand pages Snickers \'hijacks\' Katie Price\'s Twitter account for PR stunt 11 dubious uses of QR codes The 21 most horrific social media facepalms of 2011 Five online advertising trends to expect in 2012 Most commented posts this month 11 dubious uses of QR codes 39 comments Four Seasons unveils $18m website 34 comments Is SEO really bad for the internet 19 comments Google adds social content from Google+ into search results 17 comments Google \'Search, plus Your World\' the experts\' view 16 comments Google+ reaches 100m users 14 comments Popular blog tags View all tags Apple 277 posts Big Media 307 posts Blogs and Blogging 342 posts Design 191 posts Facebook 518 posts Google 1193 posts Interviews 350 posts iphone 280 posts Microsoft 346 posts Research 294 posts Search 621 posts Shopping 501 posts Social Media 901 posts Startups 483 posts stats 345 posts TV 200 posts twitter 574 posts Video 345 posts Web 2.0 850 posts Yahoo 330 posts Advertise here Twitter buzz Tweet No recent tweets to display Most Popular Reports Internet Marketing Strategy Briefing Internet Statistics Compendium Checkout Optimization Guide 70 ways to increase conversion rates Popular Report Topics Search Marketing - Organic/Natural SEO Social Media Web Analytics E-commerce User Experience and Usability Popular Training Topics User Experience and Usability Social Media E-commerce Email Marketing Affiliate Marketing Popular Event Topics Search Marketing - Organic/Natural SEO Social Media Multichannel Marketing User Experience and Usability E-commerce More Blog Press Releases Consulting Services Supplier Directory Member Directory Forums Econsultancy Labs About us Contact Press Center Advertising & Sponsorship Affiliates Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Site map Copyright 2012 E-consultancy.com Limited. All rights reserved. This material is for personal use only. Use of this website constitutes acceptance of the Econsultancy User Agreement and Privacy Policy .')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00899', 'lang "en-GB" xmlns fb "http //www.facebook.com/2008/fbml" xmlns og "http //opengraphprotocol.org/schema/"> Skip to content Member Log In Join Now Basket Contact Us Membership Why Join Econsultancy Pricing & Plans Reports Market Data Internet Statistics Survey Reports Infographics Template Files Web Project Templates Digital Marketing Templates Request For Proposals RFPs Business Cases Best Practice Best Practice Guides Beginner\'s Guides JUMP Magazine Trends & Innovation Innovation Report Trend Briefings Supplier Selection Buyer\'s Guides Event Presentations Training Courses Custom Training SkillSet Qualifications MSc in Digital Marketing Communications MSc in Internet Retailing Graduate Certificates Our Training Team Training Advice Why Train with Econsultancy Events Conferences Digital Cream Dubai Digital Cream New York Digital Cream San Jose JUMP 2012 New York Online Marketing Masterclass Digital Cream London Digital Cream B2B London Digital Cream Sydney JUMP 2012 London FUNNEL Past Conferences Social Events Innovation Awards 2012 Ceremony Digital Cream Dubai Drinks Reception Digital Cream New York Cocktail Reception Digital Vision @ SXSW Qualifications Open Evening - London Digital Nuts - Poker Tournament Past Social Events Briefings Innovation Awards Why enter Categories Judging Awards Ceremony 2011 Winners 2012 Shortlist Jobs View Jobs Post a Job Blog More About Econsultancy Press Releases Consulting Services Supplier Directory Member Directory Forums Best Practice Supplier Selection Other Topics Econsultancy Labs Project Arachnid Browse by topic Affiliate marketing B2B E-commerce & conversion Email marketing Mobile Online advertising Online PR Project management Search marketing SEO, PPC Social media Strategy & business planning User experience & design Web analytics & measurement Home Blog Q&A Malcolm Coles on the new Mirror website Print Posted 10 February 2012 10 38am by Graham Charlton with 0 comments Tweet Tweet The Mirror relaunched its website this week, with a cleaner design and integration of personalisation technology. I\'ve been talking to Product Director at Trinity Mirror and Econsultancy guest blogger Malcolm Coles about the thinking behind the new site design. Why have you relaunched the site The old website has been around for several years, with an old content management system. We wanted to give our journalists a more modern tool to publish their work, and we also needed a new platform which would enable us to integrate social media more effectively. Now we have a new CMS, and we re trying new technology such as the personalised news suggestions from London-based startup Rummble Labs. What are the main goals of the new site We aim to increase the number of pages viewed per visit by each user, and features such as the personalised recommendations will help us to achieve this. Another aim is to showcase our great photography more than we did with the old site. That one had plenty of photos, but didn t really provide the space the show them properly. Now, journalists can add metadata to posts with great photos, and they will be given more prominence. We also wanted to have fewer ad slots, but make them more appealing and therefore more valuable to users. We\'re definitely not going down the paywall route. Also, comments will be open on all articles by default, which is the opposite of how it used to be, so we hope this will encourage more people to stick around and leave their views. They ll be on now for most stories, though for legal reasons, not every single one. How do you handle comments We use the latest version of Pluck, which has some built-in moderation tools, and we post-moderate all comments, in part relying on readers to flag inappropriate comments. How does the personalisation work The old site was relatively cluttered, and though we promoted a lot of stories on thr homepage, I think it gave people has less idea of where to look and go on the site. Before launching this version, we spent a lot of time working out how to help people find what they want. People tend to snack on news sites, maybe browsing during breaks, lunch hours, and so on, and personalisation helps them to find something that will interest them. The technology will learn from the articles that people choose to read as they browse the site, and will recommend a further reading list at the right hand side of articles. These are based on the user s viewing history, and will recommend stories based on this, and what other people who liked the same article also liked. In addition, users can sign in with their Facebook logins and receive recommendations based on their interests. Recommended news pulls up a list, so a 30 year old woman with an interest in celebrity sees something different than a 40 year old Arsenal supporting man. One thing I noticed on the new site was the \'mega\' drop down menus . These are now common in e-commerce but less so on news sites. Yes, e-commerce sites have increasingly used these as a way of allowing people to see each section at a glance quickly access product pages deep in the site. In the same way, these provide our users with a shortcut to the main stories in each menu, as well as allowing them to see the top stories in each section at a glance. Now you\'ve launched the new site, will you continue to test and tweak With the previous redesign in 2008 , it was launched, and then nothing much was changed after that. There were a lot of user testing before relaunching this version of the site and we ll be using lots of MVT as we go on, as well as learning what works and what doesn t from web analytics data. Which sections people use most, how they navigate around the site, and so on. We ll then be able to make changes to improve and increase usage of the site. Have you relaunched the mobile site too What proportion of traffic comes through this channel Yes, we\'ve also launched m.mirror.co.uk mobile site, all built in HTML5. Mobile traffic currently accounts for an eighth of all traffic, though it wouldn t surprise me if it overtakes online at some point. Later in the year, we ll also be looking at iPads and tablets. the question is whether we design apps or optimise for tablets using style sheets. Graham Charlton is Editor at Econsultancy. Follow him on Twitter or connect via Linkedin or Google+ . Recommended reports B2B Content Marketing Best Practice Guide The B2B Content Marketing Best Practice Guide provides a framework for evaluating your current content marketing process and will help you make the most of your content in the future. The tools and techniques discussed are designed to help you manage and streamline the tactical execution of content marketing in a B2B environment. Alternatively, see our Global Mobile Statistics or Future Trends Innovation Briefing . Reader comments 0 Add your own Enter your comment below Name Email Your email address will not be published URL optional Your name will link to this URL Your comment No HTML please Advertise here Popular Most commented Tags Most popular posts this month Four Seasons unveils $18m website 25 brilliant examples of Facebook brand pages Snickers \'hijacks\' Katie Price\'s Twitter account for PR stunt 11 dubious uses of QR codes The 21 most horrific social media facepalms of 2011 Five online advertising trends to expect in 2012 Most commented posts this month 11 dubious uses of QR codes 39 comments Four Seasons unveils $18m website 34 comments Is SEO really bad for the internet 19 comments Google adds social content from Google+ into search results 17 comments Google \'Search, plus Your World\' the experts\' view 16 comments Google+ reaches 100m users 14 comments Popular blog tags View all tags Apple 277 posts Big Media 307 posts Blogs and Blogging 342 posts Design 191 posts Facebook 518 posts Google 1193 posts Interviews 350 posts iphone 280 posts Microsoft 346 posts Research 294 posts Search 621 posts Shopping 501 posts Social Media 901 posts Startups 483 posts stats 345 posts TV 200 posts twitter 574 posts Video 345 posts Web 2.0 850 posts Yahoo 330 posts Advertise here Twitter buzz Tweet No recent tweets to display Most Popular Reports Internet Marketing Strategy Briefing Internet Statistics Compendium Checkout Optimization Guide 70 ways to increase conversion rates Popular Report Topics Search Marketing - Organic/Natural SEO Social Media Web Analytics E-commerce User Experience and Usability Popular Training Topics User Experience and Usability Social Media E-commerce Email Marketing Affiliate Marketing Popular Event Topics Search Marketing - Organic/Natural SEO Social Media Multichannel Marketing User Experience and Usability E-commerce More Blog Press Releases Consulting Services Supplier Directory Member Directory Forums Econsultancy Labs About us Contact Press Center Advertising & Sponsorship Affiliates Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Site map Copyright 2012 E-consultancy.com Limited. All rights reserved. This material is for personal use only. Use of this website constitutes acceptance of the Econsultancy User Agreement and Privacy Policy .')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00900', 'lang "en-GB" xmlns fb "http //www.facebook.com/2008/fbml" xmlns og "http //opengraphprotocol.org/schema/"> Skip to content Member Log In Join Now Basket Contact Us Membership Why Join Econsultancy Pricing & Plans Reports Market Data Internet Statistics Survey Reports Infographics Template Files Web Project Templates Digital Marketing Templates Request For Proposals RFPs Business Cases Best Practice Best Practice Guides Beginner\'s Guides JUMP Magazine Trends & Innovation Innovation Report Trend Briefings Supplier Selection Buyer\'s Guides Event Presentations Training Courses Custom Training SkillSet Qualifications MSc in Digital Marketing Communications MSc in Internet Retailing Graduate Certificates Our Training Team Training Advice Why Train with Econsultancy Events Conferences Digital Cream Dubai Digital Cream New York Digital Cream San Jose JUMP 2012 New York Online Marketing Masterclass Digital Cream London Digital Cream B2B London Digital Cream Sydney JUMP 2012 London FUNNEL Past Conferences Social Events Innovation Awards 2012 Ceremony Digital Cream Dubai Drinks Reception Digital Cream New York Cocktail Reception Digital Vision @ SXSW Qualifications Open Evening - London Digital Nuts - Poker Tournament Past Social Events Briefings Innovation Awards Why enter Categories Judging Awards Ceremony 2011 Winners 2012 Shortlist Jobs View Jobs Post a Job Blog More About Econsultancy Press Releases Consulting Services Supplier Directory Member Directory Forums Best Practice Supplier Selection Other Topics Econsultancy Labs Project Arachnid Browse by topic Affiliate marketing B2B E-commerce & conversion Email marketing Mobile Online advertising Online PR Project management Search marketing SEO, PPC Social media Strategy & business planning User experience & design Web analytics & measurement Home Blog Start Me Up! A profile of Tripomatic Print Posted 10 February 2012 13 17pm by Graham Charlton with 1 comment Tweet Tweet Launched in 2011, Tripomatic is a new website which helps users plan holidays, as well as activities and places to see wherever they go. I\'ve been asking the team about Tripomatic... In one sentence, what is Tripomatic Tripomatic is a free trip planner that makes planning holiday easy, fast and fun. What problems does Tripomatic solve Planning a trip usually takes a lot of time and it can be quite frustrating. You have to go through many websites to get all necessary information, print a bunch of papers and you are still not sure you will find your way in the city. We wanted to change that. We developed a website that recommends must-see places in a selected destination. People can choose what they want to see and add activities for each day of their trip. In addition, they can also keep track of flights and accommodation and see how far the places are. Everything is displayed on the map for easier orientation. After planning the trip, users can download their personalised travel guide and use it on the trip. When and why did you launch it Tripomatic launched in June 2011 after 7 months of development. We decided to make a tool for holiday planning after spending hours on preparing our own trip to Switzerland. Some people may think planning is a great part of travelling, but we are definitely not one of them. Who is your target audience Our target audience are independent travellers who want to make the most of their holiday. What are your immediate goals We are intensively working on our mobile app that should be launched soon. Another goal is to increase our coverage. Right now we cover most of Europe and the USA, but we want to extend the coverage by two more continents till the end of the year. What were the biggest challenges involved in building Tripomatic Making Tripomatic very easy to use. We have tons of ideas what would be great to have at the website, but we learned to be careful with new features. In the past, we added functionality that seemed very useful, but user testing showed that our visitors found it confusing or too difficult to use and it had negative impact on the overall user experience. How will the company make money Tripomatic offers booking accommodation, car hire, city tours and other services. We get a commission on each sale made through our website. Who is in the team and what does it look like Unlike most startups, Tripomatic.com is a family business and is owned by a married couple. They both have great experience in online marketing and website development. Besides the owners, there are three developers, three people in marketing and four content editors. We focus mostly on product development, adding new content and promoting the website. Most of us were working together on another travel website before. As all team members love travelling, lots of ideas for new features come from using Tripomatic on our own trips. Where would you like to be in one, three and five year s time In one year we would like to have an awesome product that will be used and loved by travellers. We want to cover all major tourist destinations all round the world. We also hope that our mobile app will be successful and it will become one of the best apps for travel planning. In three years we want to be a well-known brand and be profitable. And where would we like to be in five year s time Seychelles No seriously, it is just way too far in the future for us, we never plan for such a long time ahead. Graham Charlton is Editor at Econsultancy. Follow him on Twitter or connect via Linkedin or Google+ . Recommended reports Social Media and the Travel Sector Trends briefing The Social Media and the Travel Sector Trends is a 20+ page document, sponsored by Turkish Airlines / Social Trippin\', which is free to registered users. Inside, it contains the latest market trends, best practices, statistics, useful resources and case studies relating to social media within the travel industry. Reader comments 1 Add your own Rich 4 45PM on 10th February 2012 Love this! I\'ll keep them in mind when I decide to scoot off somewhere. Enter your comment below Name Email Your email address will not be published URL optional Your name will link to this URL Your comment No HTML please Advertise here Popular Most commented Tags Most popular posts this month Four Seasons unveils $18m website 25 brilliant examples of Facebook brand pages Snickers \'hijacks\' Katie Price\'s Twitter account for PR stunt 11 dubious uses of QR codes The 21 most horrific social media facepalms of 2011 Five online advertising trends to expect in 2012 Most commented posts this month 11 dubious uses of QR codes 39 comments Four Seasons unveils $18m website 34 comments Is SEO really bad for the internet 19 comments Google adds social content from Google+ into search results 17 comments Google \'Search, plus Your World\' the experts\' view 16 comments Google+ reaches 100m users 14 comments Popular blog tags View all tags Apple 277 posts Big Media 307 posts Blogs and Blogging 342 posts Design 191 posts Facebook 518 posts Google 1193 posts Interviews 350 posts iphone 280 posts Microsoft 346 posts Research 294 posts Search 621 posts Shopping 501 posts Social Media 901 posts Startups 483 posts stats 345 posts TV 200 posts twitter 574 posts Video 345 posts Web 2.0 850 posts Yahoo 330 posts Advertise here Twitter buzz Tweet No recent tweets to display Most Popular Reports Internet Marketing Strategy Briefing Internet Statistics Compendium Checkout Optimization Guide 70 ways to increase conversion rates Popular Report Topics Search Marketing - Organic/Natural SEO Social Media Web Analytics E-commerce User Experience and Usability Popular Training Topics User Experience and Usability Social Media E-commerce Email Marketing Affiliate Marketing Popular Event Topics Search Marketing - Organic/Natural SEO Social Media Multichannel Marketing User Experience and Usability E-commerce More Blog Press Releases Consulting Services Supplier Directory Member Directory Forums Econsultancy Labs About us Contact Press Center Advertising & Sponsorship Affiliates Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Site map Copyright 2012 E-consultancy.com Limited. All rights reserved. This material is for personal use only. Use of this website constitutes acceptance of the Econsultancy User Agreement and Privacy Policy .')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00901', 'lang "en-GB" xmlns fb "http //www.facebook.com/2008/fbml" xmlns og "http //opengraphprotocol.org/schema/"> Skip to content Member Log In Join Now Basket Contact Us Membership Why Join Econsultancy Pricing & Plans Reports Market Data Internet Statistics Survey Reports Infographics Template Files Web Project Templates Digital Marketing Templates Request For Proposals RFPs Business Cases Best Practice Best Practice Guides Beginner\'s Guides JUMP Magazine Trends & Innovation Innovation Report Trend Briefings Supplier Selection Buyer\'s Guides Event Presentations Training Courses Custom Training SkillSet Qualifications MSc in Digital Marketing Communications MSc in Internet Retailing Graduate Certificates Our Training Team Training Advice Why Train with Econsultancy Events Conferences Digital Cream Dubai Digital Cream New York Digital Cream San Jose JUMP 2012 New York Online Marketing Masterclass Digital Cream London Digital Cream B2B London Digital Cream Sydney JUMP 2012 London FUNNEL Past Conferences Social Events Innovation Awards 2012 Ceremony Digital Cream Dubai Drinks Reception Digital Cream New York Cocktail Reception Digital Vision @ SXSW Qualifications Open Evening - London Digital Nuts - Poker Tournament Past Social Events Briefings Innovation Awards Why enter Categories Judging Awards Ceremony 2011 Winners 2012 Shortlist Jobs View Jobs Post a Job Blog More About Econsultancy Press Releases Consulting Services Supplier Directory Member Directory Forums Best Practice Supplier Selection Other Topics Econsultancy Labs Project Arachnid Browse by topic Affiliate marketing B2B E-commerce & conversion Email marketing Mobile Online advertising Online PR Project management Search marketing SEO, PPC Social media Strategy & business planning User experience & design Web analytics & measurement Home Press Releases Waitrose selects Criteo for Online Advertising drive in 2012 Tweet Tweet Leading supermarket first to implement personalised retargeting for groceries. LONDON 9 FEBRUARY 2012 Criteo, the global leader in performance display advertising, today announced that Waitrose has selected its industry leading solution for implementation on its website, Waitrose.com. The partnership will make Waitrose the first supermarket in the UK to use online personalised retargeting for groceries, helping to drive consumer relationships. Visitors to Waitrose.com will be presented with highly relevant products and offers on selected media sites as part of their internet journey upon leaving the site. This development marks an important step in Waitrose s investment in its ecommerce platform over the last year, which included the opening of a dedicated Dotcom Fulfilment Centre in West London. Waitrose s commitment to its online channel enabled the retailer to increase online sales by 49% in the seven days leading up to Christmas 2011. As the industry leader Criteo was an obvious choice for us, enabling us to present consumers with relevant and up-to-date product information in a visually rewarding way, said Nick White, Head of Online Commercial at Waitrose. We are driving innovation in the grocery sector by being the first supermarket to adopt personalised retargeting, enhancing our ecommerce strategy and making online shopping even easier for our customers. We are already seeing a tenfold increase in the click-through rate compared to non-targeted display activity as well as a high level of conversions. Criteo leverages consumer intent in the same way as search advertising by showing ads for products based on the browsing behaviour of people on Waitrose.com. Criteo uses a predictive engine that is able to recommend products based on the behaviour of other consumers that have viewed the same or similar products. The adverts are created in real-time to ensure consideration of stock availability and pricing. Waitrose can easily track the success throughout by comparing the cost of sale with the click-through purchase cost to ensure that it remains viable and successful. It is great to see an industry leader such as Waitrose driving innovation in the retail sector, Michael Steckler, MD for Northern Europe at Criteo said. We share a common goal as we continually aim to provide consumers with a more relevant online shopping experience, he added. Developments are also in progress to enable Waitrose to present consumers with items that they have forgotten to place in their online trolley prior to the delivery date as well as re-advertise purchased items once they re likely to have been consumed. --END-- About Criteo Criteo is the global leader in Performance Display. Thanks to Criteo, advertisers can reach more customers with the same return-on-investment as they get from search marketing. Every day Criteo generates millions of high-quality leads through dynamically generated ads which are personalised with the products and services that consumers are searching for. Criteo is measured purely on its post-click performance and offers a turnkey pay-per-click model including extensive real-time bidding tools, category and product level optimisation and an in-house creative studio. Criteo partners with over 2000 leading ecommerce brands and operates in 30 countries across America, Europe and Asia. For more information, please visit http //www.criteo.com . For more information contact Alex Moorhouse Burson-Marsteller +44 0 20 7300 6138 About Waitrose Waitrose currently has 272 shops in England, Scotland, Wales and the Channel Islands. Its recent strong performance has been driven by the success of the essential Waitrose range, its partnership with Delia Smith and Heston Blumenthal and an unmatchable top tier of products including the Duchy Originals From Waitrose range. Waitrose combines the convenience of a supermarket with the expertise and service of a specialist shop - dedicated to offering quality food that has been responsibly sourced combined with high standards of customer service. www.waitrose.com For more information contact Jess Hughes Corporate Communications Manager +44 0 1344 82 4294 Published on 11 00AM on 9th February 2012 Post a press release Why post a press release on Econsultancy Included with Silver, Gold, Platinum, and Diamond membership plans Join Econsultancy to Post a press release, and get many other benefits. Why join Econsultancy Join & Post a press release Already a member Log in to Post a press release. Advertise here Most Popular Reports Internet Marketing Strategy Briefing Internet Statistics Compendium Checkout Optimization Guide 70 ways to increase conversion rates Popular Report Topics Search Marketing - Organic/Natural SEO Social Media Web Analytics E-commerce User Experience and Usability Popular Training Topics User Experience and Usability Social Media E-commerce Email Marketing Affiliate Marketing Popular Event Topics Search Marketing - Organic/Natural SEO Social Media Multichannel Marketing User Experience and Usability E-commerce More Blog Press Releases Consulting Services Supplier Directory Member Directory Forums Econsultancy Labs About us Contact Press Center Advertising & Sponsorship Affiliates Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Site map Copyright 2012 E-consultancy.com Limited. All rights reserved. This material is for personal use only. Use of this website constitutes acceptance of the Econsultancy User Agreement and Privacy Policy .')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00902', 'class "no-js ie6 oldie" lang "en">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00903', 'class "no-js ie6 oldie" lang "en">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00904', 'class "no-js ie6 oldie" lang "en">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00905', 'class "no-js ie6 oldie" lang "en">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00906', 'class "no-js ie6 oldie" lang "en">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00907', 'class "no-js ie6 oldie" lang "en">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00908', 'class "no-js ie6 oldie" lang "en">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00909', 'class "no-js ie6 oldie" lang "en">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00910', 'class "no-js ie6 oldie" lang "en">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00911', 'class "no-js ie6 oldie" lang "en">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00912', 'class "no-js ie6 oldie" lang "en">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00913', 'class "no-js ie6 oldie" lang "en">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00914', 'class "no-js ie6 oldie" lang "en">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00915', 'class "no-js ie6 oldie" lang "en">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00916', 'class "no-js ie6 oldie" lang "en">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00917', 'class "no-js ie6 oldie" lang "en">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00918', 'class "no-js ie6 oldie" lang "en">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00919', 'class "no-js ie6 oldie" lang "en">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00920', 'class "no-js ie6 oldie" lang "en">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00921', 'class "no-js ie6 oldie" lang "en">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00922', 'class "no-js ie6 oldie" lang "en">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00923', 'class "no-js ie6 oldie" lang "en">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00924', 'class "no-js ie6 oldie" lang "en">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00925', 'class "no-js ie6 oldie" lang "en">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00926', 'class "no-js ie6 oldie" lang "en">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00927', 'class "no-js ie6 oldie" lang "en">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00928', 'class "no-js ie6 oldie" lang "en">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00929', 'class "no-js ie6 oldie" lang "en">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00930', 'class "no-js ie6 oldie" lang "en">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00931', 'class "no-js ie6 oldie" lang "en">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00932', 'class "no-js ie6 oldie" lang "en">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00933', 'class "no-js ie6 oldie" lang "en">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00934', 'class "no-js ie6 oldie" lang "en">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00935', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"> Home About Us Our Team Editorial Board Correspondents Contributors Contact Us Advertise Contribute Eastern Standard Time 10 30 pm Wednesday, February 8th, 2012 Top News Maghreb Morocco Algeria Libya Mauritania Tunisia Middle-East Egypt GCC Iraq Yemen Syria US News Africa Sahara Issue Opinion Economy Sports Culture Videos Sitemap Home Culture Al Mouloud holiday the mixture of the sacred and the profane Al Mouloud holiday the mixture of the sacred and the profane By Larbi Arbaoui Morocco World News Taroudant, Morocco, February 5, 2012 Like many Muslim countries, the Moroccan people celebrate the birth of the Prophet Mohammad Peace be upon him on February 5. This celebration is known by different names in the Islamic world. In Morocco, it s called Eid Al Mouloud, or simply Al Mouloud. It is an occasion when Moroccans show their devotion to their faith, a spiritual day to recall the ideals of Islam and recite poems dedicated to the Prophet, though some of the cultural conventions surrounding this holiday have little to do with Islam. On February 5, when walking past a mosque, spiritually uplifting recitations of the holy Quran can be heard. People exchange visits and organize religious parties at which Al Mouloudiate, a series of long poems eulogising and praising the Prophet Mohammad are recited. The most famous poem is Al Burdah by Sheikh Al Bussiri. In early morning, men will walk together to the graveyard singing Al Burdah and women will warble you-yous when the men pass by. In the evening, the sound of the Attalba reading the Quran and reciting hymns glorifying God can be heard coming from houses, along with the fragrant odor of incense and sandal wood. The Attalba are religious people who memorize the Quran and master the Islamic legislature. They read and recite until dinner, traditionally couscous, is served. The city of Sal , on the Bou Regreg estuary, holds a lantern procession on Al Mouloud called Dor Eshamaa. In Meknes, in the square of Saint Sheikh Al Kamel, the celebration on this day takes a barbaric turn. Men and women engage in wild dances using knives to strike their foreheads and eat hot embers and drink boiling water. The dancers, who wear white, see themselves in an ecstatic state of joy. Visitors must wear white in order to participate or risk receiving violent treatment. Wearing black or red is considered an offense and those who do may have their clothes torn. Perhaps the strangest aspect of this ceremony is the custom of the infirm laying at the gate of the shrine in order for the the Aisawa, followers of the Saint, to heal them by walking on their backs. In Tazarine, Al Mouloud is considered an important and dignified day. In the early morning, readings of the holy Quran can be heard from a distance. Men dress in white, and exchange smiles and expressions of courtesy. The day of Tazlaft, when couscous is served, is the busiest day with loud music from tambourines. It is believed that, thanks to Saint Sidi Amrou, a dish of couscous twice as wide as the width of the door, can be passed through the door. Tradition says that anyone who looks while the miracle takes place will be struck blind. On Al Mouloud, the sacred coexists with the profane. In Meknes, for example, at the same time as some are engaged in the pagan ritual of ecstatic dancing others are inside mosques reading the Quran or studying the Prophet s biography. The decadent and barbarous practices should be done away with, and efforts should be made to preserve only those traditions dedicated to celebrating the Prophet. Edited by Jasmine Davey Morocco World News Share This Post Tweet Sponsored Links You must be logged in to post a comment Login Most Popular on MWN New government in Morocco A Jew at the Helm of the Ministry of Tourism Princess Lalla Meryem inaugurates Morocco Mall in Casablanca Final List of Ministers of new Government Pending Approval by King Mohammed VI Somali rebels say famine label used for politics The Moroccan Finnish, Sara Chafak, wins Miss Finland 2012 Latest Opinion Choosing Your Life Partner A Journey Back to Childhood Football Culture in Morocco Moroccan Zealotry or Moroccan Exeptionalism Tourism in Morocco and Commodification of Culture Morocco Gender Roles and the Rhetoric of Change What Does it Mean NOT to Be Moroccan Polls Do you think the upcoming elections will help to move Morocco towards genuine democracy Yes No View Results Loading ... Polls Archive Login Username Password Remember me Register Lost your password Sponsored Ads Next Previous Disclaimer The views expressed in these articles/analyses/news do not necessarily reflect the views of Morocco World News Connect with MWN About MWN Speaking the truth, disseminating the truth, and raising questions about the truth are the main principles guiding the work of Morocco World News. 2011, Morocco World News, All Rights Reserved Log in - Posts - Add New - Website Sitemap')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00936', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"> Home About Us Our Team Editorial Board Correspondents Contributors Contact Us Advertise Contribute Eastern Standard Time 11 13 pm Wednesday, February 8th, 2012 Top News Maghreb Morocco Algeria Libya Mauritania Tunisia Middle-East Egypt GCC Iraq Yemen Syria US News Africa Sahara Issue Opinion Economy Sports Culture Videos Sitemap Home Highlights on Morocco Moroccan Women and Body as a Means of Power Moroccan Women and Body as a Means of Power By Hassan Aboulouafa Morocco World News Kenitra, Morocco, February 5, 2012 Women have celebrated in the last decades their emancipation from the constraints of a traditionally man s world. The fair sex has proven itself in many domains. Women have become engaged in politics and so are able to take part in defending their rights and creating change, though what change is required is understood differently among different groups. Women have been in the media thanks to the hard work of many years to empower their gender in the Arab world. Some Moroccan women have used their bodies as part of a feminist agenda. After years of fighting political and social constraints, a new form of protest has arisen. In Morocco, some women have shown up semi-nude and others threatened to appear nude in the streets or on TV to challenge the Islamists that dominate the newly nominated govenment of BenKirane, the leader of PJD. For example, the Moroccan celebrity, actress Latifa Ahrar, showed her shaved legs and breasts to national and international cameras at the Marrakesh Film Festival. And she has commented that she won t stop performing in a semi-nude theater role, which serves as a challenge to the Islamic party PJD. Ahrar has already played a theater role in a play called Kafara Naoum, requiring semi-nudity. Another example of women using their body as a means of power can be seen in some new Moroccan movies. For instance, the erotic role played by Fatima El Ayachi in El Maouchouma. . El Ayachi said that she was challenging convention, and that she is ready to play other bold roles. She also commented that the body and indecency are not the same, and that she is proud of this movie and herself as a Muslim Moroccan Amazigh woman. In this way,a woman s body has functioned as a tool of protest against any patriarch who claims that the her body is shameful and indecent and should be hidden from public view. Some women, like those mentioned previously, have used their bodies as a means of honor and power to call for freedom from oppression and from injustice against their sex. They have utilised their beauty to provoke the Islamists, who have been called misogynists. Protest in the shape of a woman s body has raised many questions about the teachings of Islam and the social conventions of Moroccan society. Edited by Jasmine Davey Hassan Aboulouafa is a contributor to Morocco World News Morocco World News Share This Post Tweet Sponsored Links You must be logged in to post a comment Login Most Popular on MWN New government in Morocco A Jew at the Helm of the Ministry of Tourism Princess Lalla Meryem inaugurates Morocco Mall in Casablanca Final List of Ministers of new Government Pending Approval by King Mohammed VI Somali rebels say famine label used for politics The Moroccan Finnish, Sara Chafak, wins Miss Finland 2012 Latest Opinion Choosing Your Life Partner A Journey Back to Childhood Football Culture in Morocco Moroccan Zealotry or Moroccan Exeptionalism Tourism in Morocco and Commodification of Culture Morocco Gender Roles and the Rhetoric of Change What Does it Mean NOT to Be Moroccan Polls Do you think the upcoming elections will help to move Morocco towards genuine democracy Yes No View Results Loading ... Polls Archive Login Username Password Remember me Register Lost your password Sponsored Ads Next Previous Disclaimer The views expressed in these articles/analyses/news do not necessarily reflect the views of Morocco World News Connect with MWN About MWN Speaking the truth, disseminating the truth, and raising questions about the truth are the main principles guiding the work of Morocco World News. 2011, Morocco World News, All Rights Reserved Log in - Posts - Add New - Website Sitemap')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00937', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"> Home About Us Our Team Editorial Board Correspondents Contributors Contact Us Advertise Contribute Eastern Standard Time 11 13 pm Wednesday, February 8th, 2012 Top News Maghreb Morocco Algeria Libya Mauritania Tunisia Middle-East Egypt GCC Iraq Yemen Syria US News Africa Sahara Issue Opinion Economy Sports Culture Videos Sitemap Home Top News New blast hits Egypt s gas pipeline to Israel New blast hits Egypt s gas pipeline to Israel CAIRO, Egypt, February 5, 2012 AFP Saboteurs on Sunday blew up a pipeline that supplies gas to Israel, the 12th such attack in a year, security officials said. Masked gunmen planted explosives under the pipeline in the Al-Massaeed area, close to the town of El-Arish in the north of the Sinai peninsula, they said. Witnesses said they heard a very loud explosion, before a large fire broke out. Sources say the attack on the pipeline came the day after an Islamist leader from the area died in his prison cell in Cairo. Interior ministry officials said he died from natural causes. Emergency services were rushed to the scene to try to control the blaze, the official said, adding that there were no immediate reports of casualties. The pipeline, which carries gas through the Sinai and on to Jordan and Israel, has already been attacked 11 times over the past year, the first during the mass uprisings that drove president Hosni Mubarak from power in February 2011. Gas deliveries to Israel, agreed under Mubarak, have come under heavy criticism in Egypt. Israel generates 40 percent of its electricity using natural gas, and Egypt provides 43 percent of its gas supplies. Egyptian gas also covers 80 percent of Jordan s electricity production demand 6.8 million cubic metres a day. Egypt s Sinai region is particularly security sensitive due to tensions with the Bedouin community living there, which is heavily armed. Many goods are smuggled to the Palestinian enclave of Gaza through the Sinai, which the Israelis also charge is a rear base for militant attacks against its territory. Share This Post Tweet Sponsored Links You must be logged in to post a comment Login Most Popular on MWN New government in Morocco A Jew at the Helm of the Ministry of Tourism Princess Lalla Meryem inaugurates Morocco Mall in Casablanca Final List of Ministers of new Government Pending Approval by King Mohammed VI Somali rebels say famine label used for politics The Moroccan Finnish, Sara Chafak, wins Miss Finland 2012 Latest Opinion Choosing Your Life Partner A Journey Back to Childhood Football Culture in Morocco Moroccan Zealotry or Moroccan Exeptionalism Tourism in Morocco and Commodification of Culture Morocco Gender Roles and the Rhetoric of Change What Does it Mean NOT to Be Moroccan Polls Do you think the upcoming elections will help to move Morocco towards genuine democracy Yes No View Results Loading ... Polls Archive Login Username Password Remember me Register Lost your password Sponsored Ads Next Previous Disclaimer The views expressed in these articles/analyses/news do not necessarily reflect the views of Morocco World News Connect with MWN About MWN Speaking the truth, disseminating the truth, and raising questions about the truth are the main principles guiding the work of Morocco World News. 2011, Morocco World News, All Rights Reserved Log in - Posts - Add New - Website Sitemap')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00938', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"> Home About Us Our Team Editorial Board Correspondents Contributors Contact Us Advertise Contribute Eastern Standard Time 2 15 pm Friday, February 10th, 2012 Top News Maghreb Morocco Algeria Libya Mauritania Tunisia Middle-East Egypt GCC Iraq Yemen Syria US News Africa Sahara Issue Opinion Economy Sports Culture Videos Sitemap Home Morocco World News Tourism in Morocco and Commodification of Culture Tourism in Morocco and Commodification of Culture Abdelmoula Elkhdar Morocco World News Khouribga, Morocco, February 5, 2012 Culture is pristine yet it s subject to being unauthenticized and de-contextualized. Culture as perceived by locals is always authentic. I am talking here about both tangible and intangible aspects of culture. When tourists come in the guise of neocolonialism, cultures are altered, commodified and hegemonized opening the door wide open to many interpretations and amendments. The local pure culture becomes, in my view, like an old whore opening its legs to whoever pays more, wearing cheap cosmetics to meet the clients needs. When the cultural value is being transformed by a commercial one, the meaning of culture is lost and the pure past is re-told aloof from the original version! When we sell culture as a commodity, we rob our locals of any sense of belonging. Culture, hence, becomes a hybrid, almost like the parrot that tried to imitate the pigeon s walk and ended up walking in a weird ugly way , as the Moroccan legend goes. The parrot in this respect is the culture that is commodified to fit the tourists desires, without taking into account the locals needs and without respecting their glorious past. Marie-Fran oise Lanfant states that when tourism increases, culture declines. There are a lot of examples of Moroccan culture we no longer see today or we see them in new forms. Take the example of the story tellers in the mythical square of Jemaa El fna, Marrakesh. In the past, that was a real entertainment for the locals with both socio-economic and educational perspectives; a pure culture. The story teller was a well-read man, a scholar, a historian etc. Today story telling is becoming a mere spectacle devoid of any humanistic meaning, and is seen to be authentic only by tourists because they see through different lens that distort the genuine authenticity of this art; lens that satiate their unconscious fantasies and dreams. Even the food in our culture is altered, commodified and othered . The Moroccan couscous is no longer keeping its secret within the confines of this nation. It s re-packaged and marketed worldwide. As something deeply rooted in the Moroccan culture, couscous is not becoming authentic any more. Chances are that when you eat couscous in Morocco in a Moroccan restaurant, you are not eating authentic Couscous that our mothers and grandmothers used to roll in their Baraka-palms and serve for couple of hands to share on a table of brotherhood .Worse, when you eat it outside the country, chances are you will end up eating something named couscous, but has nothing to do with our cultural dish. It s devalued, de-contextualized, defamed and drained of its entire cultural load. Consequently, tourism is demonizing the local culture and simplifying it to a trademark, a cheap commodity in a luring package, a titillating attraction. In brief, Marx s natural use-value of culture is put on the line. Marco Polo traveled for some 24 years but never meant to distort the Chinese culture he met. Today, however and to Marco s dismay, the Wall of China is becoming a commodity with modernized cafes, malls and parking lots. The Chinese nowadays don t consider the Great Wall great; it s becoming part of a modern life. Likewise, Mardi Gras or Fat Tuesday in New Orleans, Louisiana, is no longer conceived as a local indigenous heritage and a celebration rich of symbolism. Rather, it s becoming a commodity which is promoted by marketers to gain more money without caring for the damage they made to the local culture. Who cares now about those women who exchange their breasts for beads Or are they mere trivialities and commodities We should as a matter of fact go beyond this image and look at the other side of the coin. We should give culture the value it deserves. Suffice it if we sell tangible aspects of our cultures! There is no urgent need to barter our dear human culture for a few euros and dollars, exchange our kids and women s flesh in the sacred name of the promotion of tourism with old octogenarian human predators. In a nutshell, tourism is bad! Our cultures are endangered. El khdar Abdelmoula is a social organizer. He worked on many projects related to citizenship, women marginalization, youth participation in political life and illegal immigration. He is also a vice-president of an association which is anti-illegal immigration. He is currently teaching English in Ibn Abdoun High School,khouribga. He graduated from Chouaib Doukkaly University of El jadida with a BA in linguistics. He had worked in many middle and high schools before he won the Fulbright scholarship to USA in 2007 to represent the Moroccan culture and teach Arabic at Mississippi Valley State University. The views expressed in this article are the authors own and do not necessarily reflect Morocco World News editorial policy. Morocco World News Content protected by Copyscape Share This Post Tweet Sponsored Links You must be logged in to post a comment Login Most Popular on MWN New government in Morocco A Jew at the Helm of the Ministry of Tourism Princess Lalla Meryem inaugurates Morocco Mall in Casablanca Final List of Ministers of new Government Pending Approval by King Mohammed VI Somali rebels say famine label used for politics The Moroccan Finnish, Sara Chafak, wins Miss Finland 2012 Latest Opinion Moral and Civic Character for Moroccan Students as Engaged Citizens Choosing Your Life Partner A Journey Back to Childhood Football Culture in Morocco Moroccan Zealotry or Moroccan Exeptionalism Tourism in Morocco and Commodification of Culture Morocco Gender Roles and the Rhetoric of Change Polls Do you think the upcoming elections will help to move Morocco towards genuine democracy Yes No View Results Loading ... Polls Archive Login Username Password Remember me Register Lost your password Sponsored Ads Next Previous Disclaimer The views expressed in these articles/analyses/news do not necessarily reflect the views of Morocco World News Connect with MWN About MWN Speaking the truth, disseminating the truth, and raising questions about the truth are the main principles guiding the work of Morocco World News. 2011, Morocco World News, All Rights Reserved Log in - Posts - Add New - Website Sitemap')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00939', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"> Home About Us Our Team Editorial Board Correspondents Contributors Contact Us Advertise Contribute Eastern Standard Time 8 56 pm Wednesday, February 8th, 2012 Top News Maghreb Morocco Algeria Libya Mauritania Tunisia Middle-East Egypt GCC Iraq Yemen Syria US News Africa Sahara Issue Opinion Economy Sports Culture Videos Sitemap Home Morocco World News Tunisia Withdraws Recognition of the Regime of Bashar Al-Aassad Tunisia Withdraws Recognition of the Regime of Bashar Al-Aassad By Mourad Anouar Morocco World News Oklahoma City, February 4, 2012 In the wake of another bloody massacre in which over 200 people were killed and over 1,000 injured in the central city of Homs on Friday night by the Syrian regime, Tunisia decided on Saturday to expel the Syrian ambassador to Tunis and to withdraw its recognition of the regime of Bashar al-Assad as the legitimate representative of the Syrian people, announced the Tunisian presidency. According to a statement on his Facebook page, the Tunisian president called on the president Assad to step down in order to help spare Syrian blood. Moncef Marzouki went on to say that the only solution for the crisis in Syria is the removal from power of Bashar al Assad and the launch of a democratic transition. In an interview with Aljazeera on Saturday, Tunisia s Secretary of State, Abdessalem Rafik, said that Tunisia as it has been proactive in starting the revolution, it makes sense to be proactive in solidarity with our brothers in Syria. This is the most-expected attitude expressed by this government that derives its legitimacy from the revolution, , he added. He also hoped that most Arab country, especially Egypt, Morocco and the Gulf countries, would follow Tunisia in its step toward severing all ties with the Syrian regime. Tunisia s daring move came after Russia and China s veto today to a U.N. Security Council resolution aimed at ending Syria s bloodshed among concerns that Damascus might heighten its clampdown on the protestors who entered their nearly 11-month uprising. Share This Post Tweet Sponsored Links You must be logged in to post a comment Login Most Popular on MWN New government in Morocco A Jew at the Helm of the Ministry of Tourism Princess Lalla Meryem inaugurates Morocco Mall in Casablanca Final List of Ministers of new Government Pending Approval by King Mohammed VI Somali rebels say famine label used for politics The Moroccan Finnish, Sara Chafak, wins Miss Finland 2012 Latest Opinion Choosing Your Life Partner A Journey Back to Childhood Football Culture in Morocco Moroccan Zealotry or Moroccan Exeptionalism Tourism in Morocco and Commodification of Culture Morocco Gender Roles and the Rhetoric of Change What Does it Mean NOT to Be Moroccan Polls Do you think the upcoming elections will help to move Morocco towards genuine democracy Yes No View Results Loading ... Polls Archive Login Username Password Remember me Register Lost your password Sponsored Ads Next Previous Disclaimer The views expressed in these articles/analyses/news do not necessarily reflect the views of Morocco World News Connect with MWN About MWN Speaking the truth, disseminating the truth, and raising questions about the truth are the main principles guiding the work of Morocco World News. 2011, Morocco World News, All Rights Reserved Log in - Posts - Add New - Website Sitemap')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00941', '> Be the first to know about our offers, revision courses and news. Sign up today! No one likes spam, neither do we. We will only send you an occasional email and you can easily unsubscribe at anytime. indicates required Email Address First Name Last Name')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00942', "> KyNa Boutique email signup If you want to be the first to know about our new products, sign up to our newsletter & we promise never to send anything that isn't awesome. indicates required Email Address First Name Last Name Preferred format HTML Text Mobile")
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00943', '> New Comm Biz Fortnightly Newsletter indicates required Email Address First Name Last Name Preferred format HTML Text Mobile')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00944', "> We enjoy our privacy just as you and don't like to receive junk mail. Ticket Shack will never sell or give any of your information away to anyone. We won't even let the interns look at this list!! Newsletters consist of Event updates Tickets at face value or less e-mail me if you want to sell your tickets Ticket giveaways Gift Card giveaways indicates required Email Address State Alabama Alaska Arizona Arkansas California Colorado Connecticut Delaware Florida Georgia Hawaii Idaho Illinois Indiana Iowa Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Maine Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Minnesota Mississippi Missouri Montana Nebraska Nevada New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico New York North Carolina North Dakota Ohio Oklahoma Oregon Pennsylvania Rhode Island South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Texas Utah Vermont Virginia Washington West Virginia Wisconsin Wyoming USA Canada Preferred format HTML Text Mobile")
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00945', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"> Tweet Sleeping With Three Girls at the Same Time February 10, 2012 at 9 00am | by Hernando Who the man Like 9 Laughs for daily content like this! 3 Comments Via imgur.com . Category Comedy , Funny , Sex . Tags funny , lol , sex , sleeping . You May Also Like Hey! Is this your kid ! And the award for least original knockoff cereal goes to... Bathroom instructions Very suspicious supermarket Welcome Violators The What Do I Look Like Game I did nazi that coming! 8 Pictures of People Doing Stupid Things Good Point East Village Studio - New York, NY 9 Wows Gary Adkison says February 10, 2012 at 11 15 am Rough party! Stephanie Taiclet says February 10, 2012 at 9 15 am its there pimp. Maggie Williams says February 10, 2012 at 9 09 am DOn t BE SILLY WRAP THAT WILLY. Follow @9Laughs Now Popular on 9 Laughs Amazing Photo... And Story Star Wars and How I Met Your Mother Combined Photobomb Level 99 Noooo grandma! Not Reaching Your Potential I Could Never Stab Someone 2012 9 Laughs . All rights reserved.')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00946', '> Teams Global Teams Team Sites Atlanta Milwaukee Boston Minnesota Charlotte New Jersey Chicago New Orleans Cleveland New York Dallas Oklahoma City Denver Orlando Detroit Philadelphia Golden State Phoenix Houston Portland Indiana Sacramento LA Clippers San Antonio LA Lakers Toronto Memphis Utah Miami Washington D-League WNBA Store Knicksnow Login or Sign Up! Home Players Carmelo Anthony Renaldo Balkman Mike Bibby Tyson Chandler Baron Davis Toney Douglas Landry Fields Josh Harrellson Jared Jeffries Jerome Jordan Jeremy Lin Steve Novak Iman Shumpert Amar\'e Stoudemire Bill Walker Tip-Off Contests Photos Videos CHASE BLUE CARPET KNICKS VS. LAKERS ROAD TRIP DIARY 41 COMMENTS LIN-Sanity! February 09, 05 42 PM EST Dontrevius Wenters spreads LIN-Sanity amongst the fans at Madison Square Garden during the Knicks vs. Jazz match-up. What do you think COMMENTS 41 RECENT VIDEOS Post a new comment Login Post 41 Comments IvanRott 37 minutes ago The Lakers recently cut Derrick Caracter. Opening up a spot for Dontrevius Wenters perhaps I sure hope so... Reply 0 replies 0 Login Report comment to site owner Are you sure you want to mark this comment as inappropriate Cancel Yes, flag this comment Post a new comment Login Post 41 Comments khal 42 minutes ago amazing! Reply 0 replies 0 Login Report comment to site owner Are you sure you want to mark this comment as inappropriate Cancel Yes, flag this comment Post a new comment Login Post 41 Comments YouOne67 4 hours ago Go NY knicks!!! i believe number 17 and team will show a tremendous play!! #GONYGO #BigThing # KnicksTakeover Reply 0 replies 0 Login Report comment to site owner Are you sure you want to mark this comment as inappropriate Cancel Yes, flag this comment Post a new comment Login Post 41 Comments djfranchise 4 hours ago As a Warriors fan, I am MAD! Thanks DW for reminding how dumb we are... Reply 0 replies 0 Login Report comment to site owner Are you sure you want to mark this comment as inappropriate Cancel Yes, flag this comment Post a new comment Login Post 41 Comments Dzheimijs 4 hours ago with Linsanity and Dontrevius on the roster , the Knicks are unstoppable !!!! #GoKnicks #TeamDontreviusWenters Reply 0 replies 0 Login Report comment to site owner Are you sure you want to mark this comment as inappropriate Cancel Yes, flag this comment Post a new comment Login Post 41 Comments MarkDub7 5 hours ago Lin-sane is the answer at PG of the Knickerbockers no AI . Now if they just get Dontrevius in the rotation... Reply 0 replies 0 Login Report comment to site owner Are you sure you want to mark this comment as inappropriate Cancel Yes, flag this comment Post a new comment Login Post 41 Comments Frank Mills 5 hours ago Lin is here to stay...all the Knicks have to do now is sign Dontrevius Wenters!!! Championship bound!!! Reply 0 replies 0 Login Report comment to site owner Are you sure you want to mark this comment as inappropriate Cancel Yes, flag this comment Post a new comment Login Post 41 Comments Robert Mitchell 5 hours ago In the Knick of time http //www.mediafire.com/ 6h1o1n4kqk9s8w1 This young man JLin and his energy can only make Mello and Stat better team players. And there defense will improve. Reply 0 replies 0 Login Report comment to site owner Are you sure you want to mark this comment as inappropriate Cancel Yes, flag this comment Post a new comment Login Post 41 Comments sunnydnyc 5 hours ago The host of this video, Dallas Penn, is hilarious! Knicksnow.com need to give him a permanent job!! Reply 0 replies +2 Login Report comment to site owner Are you sure you want to mark this comment as inappropriate Cancel Yes, flag this comment Post a new comment Login Post 41 Comments Ryun Baik 5 hours ago That dude just say Chinese American So far, I\'ve never met a Taiwanese person that liked to be called Chinese, but whatever. Excited for tonights game! Reply 1 replies +1 Login Report comment to site owner Are you sure you want to mark this comment as inappropriate Cancel Yes, flag this comment Post a new comment Login Post 41 Comments Sean OBrien 3 hours ago I mean ... you have ESPN pimping articles about Wat Misaka and him, the PC apes that run the media lump Japanese and Taiwanese people together. The ignorance is astounding. Chinese people of which most Taiwanese are descended are pretty much blood enemies with Japanese people, read up on your World War II history books. It\'s worse than lumping Irish and British people together. Reply 0 replies 0 Login Report comment to site owner Are you sure you want to mark this comment as inappropriate Cancel Yes, flag this comment Post a new comment Login Post 41 Comments marQspekt 5 hours ago Lin -SANE!!!!! Shouts to D Wenters!!!! Reply 0 replies 0 Login Report comment to site owner Are you sure you want to mark this comment as inappropriate Cancel Yes, flag this comment Post a new comment Login Post 41 Comments DanielMcAulay 6 hours ago Linsane in the membrane! Reply 0 replies 0 Login Report comment to site owner Are you sure you want to mark this comment as inappropriate Cancel Yes, flag this comment Post a new comment Login Post 41 Comments Abdul 6 hours ago NY KNICKS, we need more DONTREVIUS WINTER commentaries. Great job Dontrevius, hope you make the starting 5 Reply 0 replies 0 Login Report comment to site owner Are you sure you want to mark this comment as inappropriate Cancel Yes, flag this comment Post a new comment Login Post 41 Comments Serg 6 hours ago a man with a voice as smooth as a buttersoft leather needs more appearances on knicksnow.com. the people want more Dontrevius Reply 0 replies +1 Login Report comment to site owner Are you sure you want to mark this comment as inappropriate Cancel Yes, flag this comment Post a new comment Login Post 41 Comments scoobstein 7 hours ago hilarious! Way to catch the Lin buzz there Dontrevius Reply 0 replies 0 Login Report comment to site owner Are you sure you want to mark this comment as inappropriate Cancel Yes, flag this comment Post a new comment Login Post 41 Comments Your Man Devine 7 hours ago Dontrevious Linters is what the game\'s been missing. Reply 0 replies 0 Login Report comment to site owner Are you sure you want to mark this comment as inappropriate Cancel Yes, flag this comment Post a new comment Login Post 41 Comments Huss 7 hours ago I like this cat!He works! Reply 0 replies 0 Login Report comment to site owner Are you sure you want to mark this comment as inappropriate Cancel Yes, flag this comment Post a new comment Login Post 41 Comments Jorge Casilla 7 hours ago Keep this going!!..lmaoO Reply 0 replies +1 Login Report comment to site owner Are you sure you want to mark this comment as inappropriate Cancel Yes, flag this comment Post a new comment Login Post 41 Comments Jorge Casilla 7 hours ago Keep this going!!..lmaoO Reply 0 replies 0 Login Report comment to site owner Are you sure you want to mark this comment as inappropriate Cancel Yes, flag this comment Post a new comment Login Post 41 Comments Serafim17 8 hours ago More Dontrevious. Less Jonah Ballow. Reply 0 replies +1 Login Report comment to site owner Are you sure you want to mark this comment as inappropriate Cancel Yes, flag this comment Post a new comment Login Post 41 Comments df1 14 hours ago Milk is chillin, Lin is killin, what more can i say top billin. Reply 1 replies +1 Login Report comment to site owner Are you sure you want to mark this comment as inappropriate Cancel Yes, flag this comment Post a new comment Login Post 41 Comments ouwee1 10 hours ago He is def top billin. Even non knick fans are giving him his props. Reply 0 replies 0 Login Report comment to site owner Are you sure you want to mark this comment as inappropriate Cancel Yes, flag this comment Post a new comment Login Post 41 Comments Joel Rodriguez 16 hours ago Dontrevious embodies real NYK fan energy. &quot;Lin-sane in the membrane&quot; hahahhahahaha!!!! NYK 2012 baby!!!! Reply 0 replies 0 Login Report comment to site owner Are you sure you want to mark this comment as inappropriate Cancel Yes, flag this comment Post a new comment Login Post 41 Comments Jah Adisa 16 hours ago That 3 he drop in DC was kind of odd though.. that was like a kungfu 3 point shot off one leg at the 2 30 mark!!!! SHAO-LIN &quot;Master of the Garden&quot; Reply 0 replies +1 Login Report comment to site owner Are you sure you want to mark this comment as inappropriate Cancel Yes, flag this comment Post a new comment Login Post 41 Comments Jah Adisa 16 hours ago Dontre is a joker... Reply 0 replies +1 Login Report comment to site owner Are you sure you want to mark this comment as inappropriate Cancel Yes, flag this comment Post a new comment Login Post 41 Comments Jade Yorker 16 hours ago All about who wants it more and who is willing to do whatever it takes to get to the next level.Lets go knicks ...its going to take more than just one player. Reply 0 replies 0 Login Report comment to site owner Are you sure you want to mark this comment as inappropriate Cancel Yes, flag this comment Post a new comment Login Post 41 Comments graham lo 17 hours ago it\'s not about a superstar story. It\'s a nobody becomes somebody with Hard-Work &amp; Never Give-up. Reply 0 replies 0 Login Report comment to site owner Are you sure you want to mark this comment as inappropriate Cancel Yes, flag this comment Post a new comment Login Post 41 Comments casimirn 17 hours ago Nice LINk!!!! Reply 0 replies 0 Login Report comment to site owner Are you sure you want to mark this comment as inappropriate Cancel Yes, flag this comment Post a new comment Login Post 41 Comments Barry Bloomgren 17 hours ago Lin-Sanity + Dontrevius, you can\'t beat that! Reply 0 replies 0 Login Report comment to site owner Are you sure you want to mark this comment as inappropriate Cancel Yes, flag this comment Post a new comment Login Post 41 Comments Berenice "The Abbott" 18 hours ago Mr. Dontrevius Wenters is, along with my hero Clyde, the greatest and most swagged out of all Knick interlocutors. I\'ve been watching son\'s game for years and his time is NOW. And for long suffering Knicks fans, it\'s not a second too soon. Dontrevius... YES!! Reply 0 replies 0 Login Report comment to site owner Are you sure you want to mark this comment as inappropriate Cancel Yes, flag this comment Post a new comment Login Post 41 Comments Sean Gee 18 hours ago Lin ya face! Video is dope. I was buggin off that Milk Dee cameo. More Dontrevius Wenters! Reply 0 replies 0 Login Report comment to site owner Are you sure you want to mark this comment as inappropriate Cancel Yes, flag this comment Post a new comment Login Post 41 Comments Tuong Luong 19 hours ago LIN HE\'S THE ONE TOBE DEAL WITH FROM THIS DAYS ON TO THE REAL DEAL THE RING , AMEN . Reply 0 replies +1 Login Report comment to site owner Are you sure you want to mark this comment as inappropriate Cancel Yes, flag this comment Post a new comment Login Post 41 Comments jrul1591 21 hours ago You gotta be &quot;LIN IT to WIN IT&quot; !!! Go #17 Reply 0 replies 0 Login Report comment to site owner Are you sure you want to mark this comment as inappropriate Cancel Yes, flag this comment Post a new comment Login Post 41 Comments Frank Zheng 21 hours ago Absolutely Lincredible Reply 0 replies 0 Login Report comment to site owner Are you sure you want to mark this comment as inappropriate Cancel Yes, flag this comment Post a new comment Login Post 41 Comments Huss 22 hours ago New nick-name for Shump and Jeremy. Sweet and Sour. Jeremy\'s game is sweet and Shump\'s defense is sour to the man that he is guarding. Floor general and lock down defender! We are on our way. Reply 1 replies 0 Login Report comment to site owner Are you sure you want to mark this comment as inappropriate Cancel Yes, flag this comment Post a new comment Login Post 41 Comments Sade Q 18 hours ago i like that..i love the lin-shump combo, lin-chandler, lin-novak. he\'s showing us point guard play and desperately needed that Reply 0 replies 0 Login Report comment to site owner Are you sure you want to mark this comment as inappropriate Cancel Yes, flag this comment Post a new comment Login Post 41 Comments Christopher Kelly 22 hours ago Be careful Lin-Sanity is very contagious Reply 0 replies 0 Login Report comment to site owner Are you sure you want to mark this comment as inappropriate Cancel Yes, flag this comment Post a new comment Login Post 41 Comments Huss 22 hours ago I\'m in with Lin baby! This cat can ball! Reply 0 replies 0 Login Report comment to site owner Are you sure you want to mark this comment as inappropriate Cancel Yes, flag this comment Post a new comment Login Post 41 Comments ouwee1 22 hours ago There was a lot of excitement going into this season. And then the loses, and now we have more excitement than before! Reply 0 replies 0 Login Report comment to site owner Are you sure you want to mark this comment as inappropriate Cancel Yes, flag this comment Post a new comment Login Post 41 Comments Tsering Lama 23 hours ago thank u for getting us all excited again, yes we the Knicks are in Linsanity atm, go Knicks. Reply 0 replies +1 Login Report comment to site owner Are you sure you want to mark this comment as inappropriate Cancel Yes, flag this comment Post a new comment Login Post 41 Comments 31 Knicks vs. Lakers Gameday February 10, 02 10 PM EST 2 Fields, Chandler FRIDAY February 10, 02 08 PM EST 11 NY vs. LA Shootaround Jeremy Lin February 10, 12 39 PM EST 2 D\'Antoni Friday Shootaround February 10, 10 02 AM EST 3 Road Trip Diary February 10, 08 05 AM EST 41 LIN-Sanity! February 09, 05 42 PM EST 14 Chase Blue Carpet Knicks vs. Lakers February 09, 12 19 PM EST 18 Lin\'s Long Trip February 09, 11 47 AM EST 7 Lin Postgame February 09, 09 42 AM EST 6 1-on-1 Landry Fields February 09, 09 40 AM EST 30 D\'Antoni Postgame NY 107 WAS 93 February 08, 10 56 PM EST 13 Knicks Postgame NY 107 WAS 93 February 08, 10 35 PM EST 1 2 3 4 5 ... Next Last 1328922000 v. Lakers 2/10 at 08 00PM on Tags stoudemire chandler anthony balkman bibby douglas fields green harrelson hunter jeffries shumpert walker knicks training camp knicks harrellson d\'antoni ballow carter msg cervasio davis jordan nba novak durant curry tracy morgan cruz tuck justin tuck morgan rock lin sabathia RECENT ACTIVITIES Everyone Friends Me Katrina Pelosi an hour ago Chazz79 upvoted comment on an hour ago Chazz79 upvoted comment on an hour ago Chazz79 upvoted comment on an hour ago Chazz79 upvoted comment on an hour ago Omar Antonio Hernandez Commented on an hour ago Log in to see your friend\'s actions on Knicks Now Log in to see your actions on Knicks Now Copyright 2012 NBA Media Ventures, LLC | Turner Sports Interactive, Inc. All rights reserved. No portion of NBA.com may be duplicated, redistributed or manipulated in any form. By accessing any information beyond this page, you agree to abide by the NBA.com Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Policy Rights and Terms of Use . . NBA.COM is part of the Turner Sports and Entertainment Digital Network. Advertise on NBA.com | Career Opportunities Help')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00947', 'class "no-js ie6 oldie" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00948', 'class "no-js ie6 oldie" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00949', 'class "no-js ie6 oldie" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00950', 'class "no-js ie6 oldie" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00951', 'class "no-js ie6 oldie" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00952', 'class "no-js ie6 oldie" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00953', 'class "no-js ie6 oldie" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00954', 'class "no-js ie6 oldie" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00955', 'class "no-js ie6 oldie" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00956', 'class "no-js ie6 oldie" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00957', 'class "no-js ie6 oldie" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00958', 'class "no-js ie6 oldie" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00959', 'class "no-js ie6 oldie" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00960', 'class "no-js ie6 oldie" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00961', 'class "no-js ie6 oldie" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00963', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Home Sell Your Book AudioBooks Children\'s Book Instant Videos Kindle Store Magazines Swashbuckling Fantasy by book reader on February 10, 2012 Swashbuckling Fantasy SWASHBUCKLING FANTASY features excerpts from 10 series by bestselling and critically acclaimed authors such as Margaret Petersen Haddix, author of the Shadow Children series, D.J. MacHale, author of the Pendragon series, Scott Westerfeld, author of Uglies and Holly Black, author of Valiant. This online sampler also highlights six debut series from rising stars in fantasy, including Kai Meyer, Jane Johnson and Obert Skye. This fantasy sampler is the perfect way to introduce middle grade through t List Price $ 0.99 Price $ 0.99 Books Related to Swashbuckling Fantasy Knights The Eye of Divinity A Novel of Epic Fantasy The Knights Series Knights The Eye of Divinity A Novel of Epic Fantasy The Knights Series SERIES INFORMATION Knights The Eye of Divinity is part of a planned series ... The Black God s War A Novella Introducing a new Epic Fantasy Reviews The Black God\'s War A Novella Introducing a new Epic Fantasy The full novel-length version of this story is now available on Amazon The Black ... DRAGONBLOOD fantasy sword and sorcery dragon magic DRAGONBLOOD fantasy sword and sorcery dragon magic Type short story also published in Dragon Collection #1Ages ago a pact was made between two sentient species. ... Flowers Flowers "Always surprises and always entertains." --Jonathan Maberry, ROT AND RUINA fantasy and paranormal collection. Contains the Writers of the Future Award-winning story "The Vampire ... A Game of Thrones A Song of Ice and Fire A Game of Thrones A Song of Ice and Fire Here is the first volume in George R. R. Martin s magnificent cycle of novels that ... Did you like this Share it Tweet [Translate] Tagged as Fantasy , Swashbuckling 3 comments read them below or add one FearNot "BPalesch" 59 of 63 people found the following review helpful Only a sample of each story , May 11, 2010 By FearNot BPalesch Lakeland, Fl USA Amazon Verified Purchase http //www.amazon.com/gp/community-help/amazon-verified-purchase\' , AmazonHelp , width 400,height 500,resizable 1,scrollbars 1,toolbar 0,status 1 ;return false; >What s this This review is from Swashbuckling Fantasy Kindle Edition How disappointing! I would have been upset if I hadn t gotten this book for free. It is NOT a book of swashbuckling fantasy, each entry is a short sample of a much longer piece. If you just want to sample to see if a piece is interesting, then this might appeal to you. Help other customers find the most helpful reviews Was this review helpful to you | Comment Log in to Reply Jessss "Euchella" 30 of 31 people found the following review helpful very neat , May 22, 2010 By Jessss Euchella Mountain Amazon Verified Purchase http //www.amazon.com/gp/community-help/amazon-verified-purchase\' , AmazonHelp , width 400,height 500,resizable 1,scrollbars 1,toolbar 0,status 1 ;return false; >What s this This review is from Swashbuckling Fantasy Kindle Edition I am NOT a fan of samples. So, with that said when I read in the description that it was a sampling of 10 series from good authors, I almost passed it by. But then, I thought it s free and why not. I have been finishing some series that I have loved but they have come to an end and I have been looking for new ones to start. So, for me this was neat because I got a few chapters of 10 stories to see if I liked and for free. Although most I had heard of, the first one of Jolly was new to me. I didn t think I would really like it being that the only seeming thing for her was she could run or walk on water. But the pirate theme got to me and I enjoyed it. Being able to jump into multiple series and see the different writing styles, perspectives, storylines,and plots was nice and made for a good read. Although I didn t get excited about any of them in particular, I liked looking at them as short stories. All in all, it was a pleasant read and for anyone shopping for new series then I would definitely recommend. The 10 included are 1. The Wave Walkers Pirate Curse by Kai Meyer 2. Shadow Children Among the Free by Margaret Haddix 3. Leven Thumps Leven Thumps and the Gateway of Foo by Obert Skye 4. The Ratbridge Chronicles, Vol 1 Here Be Monsters by Alan Snow 5. The Cronus Chronicles, Book 1 The Shadow Thieves by Anne Ursu 6. Gideon the Cutpurse by Linda Buckley-Archer 7. Pendragon, Book 7 The Quillan Games by D. J. MacHale 8. The Eidolon CHronicles, Book 1 The Secret Country by Jane Johnson 9. Uglies by Scott Westerfield 10. Valiant A Modern Tale of Faerie by Holly Black Help other customers find the most helpful reviews Was this review helpful to you | Comment Log in to Reply Working Mom "Working Mom" 15 of 17 people found the following review helpful Not Stories, Previews , August 30, 2010 By Working Mom Working Mom USA This review is from Swashbuckling Fantasy Kindle Edition Many free Kindle books are awesome. Not this one. I got this in paperback form from our bookstore a year or so ago. You don t get 10 stories, you get mediocre previews of 10 books. Help other customers find the most helpful reviews Was this review helpful to you | Comment Log in to Reply You must log in to post a comment. Previous post First, Do No Harm Next post Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows Book 7 Book Hunt AudioBooks Books Children\'s Book Instant Videos Kindle Store Magazines Popular Keywords 1year Action Audio autorenewal Bedtime Bible Book Books Children Children\'s Christmas Classical Classics Collection Complete Fiction Free from Guide Guitar Harry History Illustrated Kindle Love Magic Most Music Mystery Piano Picture Potter Reviews Rhyming romance Saga Series Stories Story Time Trilogy Twilight Vampire Years Young Subscribe Through Email Subscribe For Latest Books Updates Follow Book Hunt Updates.. Recent Books Grey Eyes Book One, The Forever Trilogy Vampire Dreams First in The Victorian Erotic Romance Trilogy Dark Season The Last Vampire Way of the Warrior A Non-Fiction Essay Kiss Me, I m Irish Time For Love Recent Reviews Cait on Grey Eyes Book One, The Forever Trilogy mdenea on Grey Eyes Book One, The Forever Trilogy Joe on Eternal Eden Eden Trilogy, Book One Meggerfly on Vampire Dreams First in The Victorian Erotic Romance Trilogy Brandi Loo on Grey Eyes Book One, The Forever Trilogy Loading Book-Hunt.Com Theme by Thesis WordPress Theme from DIYthemes | privacy | contact English Afrikaans catal esky Cymraeg dansk Deutsch espa ol eesti suomi fran ais Gaeilge galego hrvatski magyar bahasa Indonesia slenska italiano lietuvi latvie u bahasa Melayu Malti Nederlands norsk polski portugu s rom n sloven ina sloven ina shqipe svenska Kiswahili Filipino T rk e ti ng Vi t powered by')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00965', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Home Fight For Consumer Rights Sell Your Products Contact Us Privacy Home Apparel Audiobooks Beauty & Makeup Blu-Ray Books Building Supplies Camera Cell Phones & Accessories Children\'s Books Computer Accessories & Peripherals Computer Parts & Components Desktops & Servers DVD Electronics Gourmet Food Grocery Hardware Health & Personal Care Home Audio & Theater Home Improvement Instant Videos Jewelry Kindle Store Kitchen & Bath Fixtures Lamps & Light Fixtures Laptops Magazines MP3 Downloads MP3 Players & Accessories Music Musical Instruments Office & School Supplies Pet Supplies Photo & Video Power & Hand Tools Printers & Ink Shoes Software Sporting & Outdoors Tablets & Netbooks Televisions & Video Toys & Baby Valentine\'s Day Gifts Video Games Watches Categories Apparel Audiobooks Beauty & Makeup Blu-Ray Books Building Supplies Camera Cell Phones & Accessories Children\'s Books Computer Accessories & Peripherals Computer Parts & Components Desktops & Servers DVD Electronics Gourmet Food Grocery Hardware Health & Personal Care Home Audio & Theater Home Improvement Instant Videos Jewelry Kindle Store Kitchen & Bath Fixtures Lamps & Light Fixtures Laptops Magazines MP3 Downloads MP3 Players & Accessories Music Musical Instruments Office & School Supplies Pet Supplies Photo & Video Power & Hand Tools Printers & Ink Shoes Software Sporting & Outdoors Tablets & Netbooks Televisions & Video Toys & Baby Valentine\'s Day Gifts Video Games Watches 3.75 Muslin Clamps, Pack of 6 Posted by consumer on February 10th, 2012 3.75 Muslin Clamps, Pack of 6 3.75 nylon clamps It is Bag of 6 These nylon clips grip the background paper or grip the background cloth to the backdrop stand. These nylon clips are easy to use and may grip anything, thickness reaches 30m/m thick. 1 bag of 6pcs List Price $ 9.99 Price $ 3.99 More Lighting Products Products Related to 3.75" Muslin Clamps, Pack of 6 4 Inch Non-Insulated Flex Duct, 25 Feet 4 Inch Non-Insulated Flex Duct, 25 Feet Durable, long lasting ductFeatures a dual layer of thicknessIncludes 2 stainless steel clampsFeatures 25 feet of ducting Durable ... Radio Flyer Wagon Canopy Radio Flyer Wagon Canopy Fits all full size Radio Flyer wagons plastic, wood, & steel East to set up tent pole assembly UV Protection canopy4 clamps hold ... Kyser 6 String Capo, Black Kyser 6 String Capo, Black The most popular quick-release capoQuick-Change action allows for repositioning of the capo with only one handSpring Tension clamps maintain intonationBlack ... Pinpoint AM-40B Side Clamping Bookshelf Speaker Wall Mount Pair Pinpoint AM-40B Side Clamping Bookshelf Speaker Wall Mount Pair Fits most Bookshelf style speakersAdjustable side clamping design forspeakers 5.5"-11" wide50 lb. max weight loadTilt angle ... Western Pack FNGS Fanny Pack Black Reviews Western Pack FNGS Fanny Pack Black one of our most popular fanny packsrectangular shape makes it great for wallets and checkbooksdurable 600 denier polyesterbelt adjusts ... Did you like this Share it Tweet [Translate] Posted in Camera , Photo & Video Tags 3.75 , Clamps , Muslin , Pack Belkin Dual-Fit Armband for Apple iPhone Black Hosa GPM-103 3.5mm TRS to 1/4 TRS Adaptor You can leave a response , or trackback from your own site. 3 Responses to 3.75 Muslin Clamps, Pack of 6 Daniel T. Hayes says February 10, 2012 at 15 09 31 of 33 people found the following review helpful Great value, sturdy clamps , July 24, 2010 By Daniel T. Hayes Amazon Verified Purchase http //www.amazon.com/gp/community-help/amazon-verified-purchase\' , AmazonHelp , width 400,height 500,resizable 1,scrollbars 1,toolbar 0,status 1 ;return false; >What s this This review is from 3.75 Muslin Clamps, Pack of 6 Tools & Hardware These clamps are sturdy and handle heavy volume with no problems. Ignore any other comments claiming that these are cheap or poorly made. I am a portrait photographer and am constantly taking backdrops down and putting them up before and during a shoot. These clamps have never slipped or broken even though I usually attach and reattach them quickly during shoots. They ARE plastic, but it is a strong and rugged type of plastic that won t break if used correctly. In addition, the orange teeth do an excellent job of assuring grip. The price is right as well. Buy them already and worry about more important things. Help other customers find the most helpful reviews Was this review helpful to you | Comment 1 Log in to Reply LSchaaf says February 10, 2012 at 15 28 13 of 14 people found the following review helpful Great little clamps! , September 28, 2010 By LSchaaf Phoenix AZ Amazon Verified Purchase http //www.amazon.com/gp/community-help/amazon-verified-purchase\' , AmazonHelp , width 400,height 500,resizable 1,scrollbars 1,toolbar 0,status 1 ;return false; >What s this This review is from 3.75 Muslin Clamps, Pack of 6 Tools & Hardware I m ordering my second batch because they are so handy! I m a photographer and I don t really use them to hold up muslin, but I have a lot of paper backdrops and I use them to keep the rolls tight for storage, they don t ruin the paper. Also, I use the clamps to hold these backdrops to foam boards and my backdrop stand. Normal metal clams indent the foam board and ruin these drops. I use them all the time to clamp anything, shears to a curtain rod again, they are very, very handy to have around! Help other customers find the most helpful reviews Was this review helpful to you | Comment Log in to Reply R. Suda says February 10, 2012 at 16 21 12 of 13 people found the following review helpful They work well. , September 30, 2009 By R. Suda Los Angeles, CA This review is from 3.75 Muslin Clamps, Pack of 6 Tools & Hardware They work well and are priced accordingly. Compact. Strong grip. Recommended for grasping pipe sizes from 3/4 inch to 1 1/4 inches in diameter. Tips of clamp adapt to create nice a grip on flat object. Cheap enough that if you lose them you just buy another pack. I ordered 6 packs just because I m always losing these things. Help other customers find the most helpful reviews Was this review helpful to you | Comment Log in to Reply Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. You must be logged in to post a comment. RSS Subscription! Follow me! Subscribe Through Email Enter your email address Latest Products Prince Charming Wild About You Romantic Gift for Guys Airy Curl Styler Beauty Hair Make Up Curling Tool Bayer K9 Advantix II Red 4-Month Flea & Tick Drops for Large Dogs, 21-55 lbs. Nike Dart 9 Running shoes Rescue Remedy Pastilles 1.70 Ounces Recent Reviews Luke\'s Mom on Combi Kobuk Air-Thru, Licorice engk916 "engk916" on Combi Kobuk Air-Thru, Licorice Nazira Abdukhalilova on North States Supergate Top-Notch Gate Anonymous on Pure Fun Trampoline Ladder Black D. Drake on Rescue Remedy Pastilles 1.70 Ounces Popular Keywords Acoustic Apple Black Blue Bluray Book Cable Card Case Color Combo Deluxe Desktop Digital Download Drive Edition Electric Guitar Home iPhone iPod Keyboard Kindle Laptop Memory Men\'s Music Pack Piano Portable Reviews Saga Series Silver Size Stand System Touch Twilight Watch White Wireless Women\'s Yamaha Presented by Consumer Tale - Shop With Ease Powered by ConsumerTale.Com English Afrikaans catal esky Cymraeg dansk Deutsch espa ol eesti suomi fran ais Gaeilge galego hrvatski magyar bahasa Indonesia slenska italiano lietuvi latvie u bahasa Melayu Malti Nederlands norsk polski portugu s rom n sloven ina sloven ina shqipe svenska Kiswahili Filipino T rk e ti ng Vi t powered by')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00966', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Home Fight For Consumer Rights Sell Your Products Contact Us Privacy Home Apparel Audiobooks Beauty & Makeup Blu-Ray Books Building Supplies Camera Cell Phones & Accessories Children\'s Books Computer Accessories & Peripherals Computer Parts & Components Desktops & Servers DVD Electronics Gourmet Food Grocery Hardware Health & Personal Care Home Audio & Theater Home Improvement Instant Videos Jewelry Kindle Store Kitchen & Bath Fixtures Lamps & Light Fixtures Laptops Magazines MP3 Downloads MP3 Players & Accessories Music Musical Instruments Office & School Supplies Pet Supplies Photo & Video Power & Hand Tools Printers & Ink Shoes Software Sporting & Outdoors Tablets & Netbooks Televisions & Video Toys & Baby Valentine\'s Day Gifts Video Games Watches Categories Apparel Audiobooks Beauty & Makeup Blu-Ray Books Building Supplies Camera Cell Phones & Accessories Children\'s Books Computer Accessories & Peripherals Computer Parts & Components Desktops & Servers DVD Electronics Gourmet Food Grocery Hardware Health & Personal Care Home Audio & Theater Home Improvement Instant Videos Jewelry Kindle Store Kitchen & Bath Fixtures Lamps & Light Fixtures Laptops Magazines MP3 Downloads MP3 Players & Accessories Music Musical Instruments Office & School Supplies Pet Supplies Photo & Video Power & Hand Tools Printers & Ink Shoes Software Sporting & Outdoors Tablets & Netbooks Televisions & Video Toys & Baby Valentine\'s Day Gifts Video Games Watches AK Anne Klein Women s Watchit Platform Pump Posted by consumer on February 10th, 2012 AK Anne Klein Women s Watchit Platform Pump Flexible sole It will be difficult not to notice the Watch It dress pumps from AK Anne Klein. Glittery fabric or animal-printed leather upper in a dress platform pump style with a round toe Piping trim Smooth lining, cushioned footbed 3/8 inch platform midsole Smooth outsole 3 inch heelStep out in high style in the AK Anne Klein Watchit platform. A sparkling upper is sure to catch of the eye of many potential suitors or other fashion-forward footwear admirers. List Price $ 69.98 Price $ 69.98 Related AK Anne Klein Products Products Related to AK Anne Klein Women\'s Watchit Platform Pump AK Anne Klein Women s Wystere Platform Pump Reviews AK Anne Klein Women\'s Wystere Platform Pump Women\'s Anne Klein, WystereA classic high heel pump with slight platformReptile print or smooth leather upperssmooth linings and ... AK Anne Klein Women s Carlow Riding Boot AK Anne Klein Women\'s Carlow Riding Boot For riding style that s a perfect fit for you, try the Carloe Wid Calf dress boots from AK ... AK Anne Klein Women s Elita Platform Sandal AK Anne Klein Women\'s Elita Platform Sandal List Price $ 79.98 Price $ 79.98 Find More AK Anne Klein Products AK Anne Klein Women s Greater Flat Reviews AK Anne Klein Women\'s Greater Flat IFlex outsole moves with your foot for great-feeling steps.Durable rubber outsole delivers non-slip traction for steady steps.Comfortable loafer styling ... AK Anne Klein Women s Greater6 Driving Moc AK Anne Klein Women\'s Greater6 Driving Moc IFlex outsole moves with your foot.Durable rubber outsole provides non-slip traction to keep you steady on your feet.Loafer ... Did you like this Share it Tweet [Translate] Posted in Shoes Tags Anne , Klein , Platform , Pump , Watchit , Women\'s BFI Antiseptic First-Aid Powder 1.25 oz BLACK Big Button clicker with wrist band for Clicker training click and train dog, cat, horse, pets You can leave a response , or trackback from your own site. 3 Responses to AK Anne Klein Women s Watchit Platform Pump Robert P. Toney says February 10, 2012 at 17 13 1 of 1 people found the following review helpful Love these shoes! , January 5, 2012 By Robert P. Toney APO, AE United States Amazon Verified Purchase http //www.amazon.com/gp/community-help/amazon-verified-purchase\' , AmazonHelp , width 400,height 500,resizable 1,scrollbars 1,toolbar 0,status 1 ;return false; >What s this This review is from AK Anne Klein Women s Watchit Platform Pump Apparel I ordered a 9 because of the measurements given in the sizing chart. I had to return the 9 and get an 8 1/2 because the 9 was way too big. The shoes are super cute and very good quality. I am very excited to wear them when I go out with my husband for our first date after his return from Afghanistan. Help other customers find the most helpful reviews Was this review helpful to you | Comment 1 Log in to Reply Shoelvr says February 10, 2012 at 17 23 1 of 1 people found the following review helpful Beautiful pump , December 27, 2011 By Shoelvr Amazon Verified Purchase http //www.amazon.com/gp/community-help/amazon-verified-purchase\' , AmazonHelp , width 400,height 500,resizable 1,scrollbars 1,toolbar 0,status 1 ;return false; >What s this This review is from AK Anne Klein Women s Watchit Platform Pump Apparel These shoes are beautiful, very high quality looking and classy. I was a bit nervous about an animal print pump as so many of them look a bit trashy in my opinion but these are sophisticated and add a nice touch to a work outfit. I love them! Help other customers find the most helpful reviews Was this review helpful to you | Comment Log in to Reply Rachel G says February 10, 2012 at 18 04 1 of 1 people found the following review helpful Lovely shoes , December 19, 2011 By Rachel G Amazon Verified Purchase http //www.amazon.com/gp/community-help/amazon-verified-purchase\' , AmazonHelp , width 400,height 500,resizable 1,scrollbars 1,toolbar 0,status 1 ;return false; >What s this This review is from AK Anne Klein Women s Watchit Platform Pump Apparel These shoes looks expensive and are also nice and comfortable. I gave them 4 stars because the heel is a bit wide, I plan on getting a heel insole to fix that issue. other than that really lovely shoes! glad I got them. Help other customers find the most helpful reviews Was this review helpful to you | Comment Log in to Reply Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. You must be logged in to post a comment. RSS Subscription! Follow me! Subscribe Through Email Enter your email address Latest Products Prince Charming Wild About You Romantic Gift for Guys Airy Curl Styler Beauty Hair Make Up Curling Tool Bayer K9 Advantix II Red 4-Month Flea & Tick Drops for Large Dogs, 21-55 lbs. Nike Dart 9 Running shoes Rescue Remedy Pastilles 1.70 Ounces Recent Reviews Luke\'s Mom on Combi Kobuk Air-Thru, Licorice engk916 "engk916" on Combi Kobuk Air-Thru, Licorice Nazira Abdukhalilova on North States Supergate Top-Notch Gate Anonymous on Pure Fun Trampoline Ladder Black D. Drake on Rescue Remedy Pastilles 1.70 Ounces Popular Keywords Acoustic Apple Black Blue Bluray Book Cable Card Case Color Combo Deluxe Desktop Digital Download Drive Edition Electric Guitar Home iPhone iPod Keyboard Kindle Laptop Memory Men\'s Music Pack Piano Portable Reviews Saga Series Silver Size Stand System Touch Twilight Watch White Wireless Women\'s Yamaha Presented by Consumer Tale - Shop With Ease Powered by ConsumerTale.Com English Afrikaans catal esky Cymraeg dansk Deutsch espa ol eesti suomi fran ais Gaeilge galego hrvatski magyar bahasa Indonesia slenska italiano lietuvi latvie u bahasa Melayu Malti Nederlands norsk polski portugu s rom n sloven ina sloven ina shqipe svenska Kiswahili Filipino T rk e ti ng Vi t powered by')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00967', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Home Fight For Consumer Rights Sell Your Products Contact Us Privacy Home Apparel Audiobooks Beauty & Makeup Blu-Ray Books Building Supplies Camera Cell Phones & Accessories Children\'s Books Computer Accessories & Peripherals Computer Parts & Components Desktops & Servers DVD Electronics Gourmet Food Grocery Hardware Health & Personal Care Home Audio & Theater Home Improvement Instant Videos Jewelry Kindle Store Kitchen & Bath Fixtures Lamps & Light Fixtures Laptops Magazines MP3 Downloads MP3 Players & Accessories Music Musical Instruments Office & School Supplies Pet Supplies Photo & Video Power & Hand Tools Printers & Ink Shoes Software Sporting & Outdoors Tablets & Netbooks Televisions & Video Toys & Baby Valentine\'s Day Gifts Video Games Watches Categories Apparel Audiobooks Beauty & Makeup Blu-Ray Books Building Supplies Camera Cell Phones & Accessories Children\'s Books Computer Accessories & Peripherals Computer Parts & Components Desktops & Servers DVD Electronics Gourmet Food Grocery Hardware Health & Personal Care Home Audio & Theater Home Improvement Instant Videos Jewelry Kindle Store Kitchen & Bath Fixtures Lamps & Light Fixtures Laptops Magazines MP3 Downloads MP3 Players & Accessories Music Musical Instruments Office & School Supplies Pet Supplies Photo & Video Power & Hand Tools Printers & Ink Shoes Software Sporting & Outdoors Tablets & Netbooks Televisions & Video Toys & Baby Valentine\'s Day Gifts Video Games Watches AO Safety/3M Tekk 91264 Professional Chemical Splash Goggle Posted by consumer on February 10th, 2012 AO Safety/3M Tekk 91264 Professional Chemical Splash Goggle Anti fog coating High end, ski style safety goggle Adjustable straps for secure fit and comfort Meets ANSI Z87.1 and CSA Z94.3 safety standard Protects against chemical splash and impact from flying debris Designed to perform and look good, these sporty ski-style goggles provide great protection and extra comfort. Eyewear Type Goggles, Adjustable Frame No, Lens Color Clear, Indoor/Outdoor Use Either, Anti-Fog Lens Yes List Price $ 11.99 Price $ 5.75 Products Related to AO Safety/3M Tekk 91264 Professional Chemical Splash Goggle Speedo Vanquisher Swim Goggle Speedo Vanquisher Swim Goggle Silicone seal and strap95% UV protection and anti-fog coatingThree nose bridges for custom fitDouble silicone strap for secure fit Excellent competition ... Polarlens PG10 Snowboarding Goggles / Ski Goggles / Snow Goggles /Newest Generation of European Design and Performance / Helmet Compatible with Extra Long Adjustable Strap Polarlens PG10 Snowboarding Goggles / Ski Goggles / Snow Goggles /Newest Generation of European Design and Performance / Helmet Compatible with Extra Long Adjustable Strap ... KlearKase for Kindle Keyboard Splash Proof, Transparent Protective Case KlearKase for Kindle Keyboard - Splash Proof, Transparent Protective Case Fits Kindle Keyboard only. Please confirm your Kindle\'s power slider is on the bottom.Take your ... Digital 0.45X Professional Wide Angle Lens 58 MM with Macro High Definition Digital 0.45X Professional Wide Angle Lens 58 MM with Macro High Definition Deluxe Hi-Definition Lens, works with both Manual and Auto Focus LensesGreat for Landscapes, ... Pure Energy 20oz CO2 Tank graphic may vary Reviews Pure Energy 20oz CO2 Tank graphic may vary CO2 tank ideal for all levels of paintball playEnsures consistent recharge rate for maximum efficiencyRecessed Pure Energy ... Did you like this Share it Tweet [Translate] Posted in Uncategorized Tags 91264 , Chemical , Goggle , Professional , Safety/3M , Splash , Tekk iview 1300LEDTV 13.3-Inch 720p LCD TV DVD Combo Black The Big Bang Theory Soft Kitty Song Girls T-Shirt You can leave a response , or trackback from your own site. 3 Responses to AO Safety/3M Tekk 91264 Professional Chemical Splash Goggle Kyle Baran says February 10, 2012 at 15 44 20 of 20 people found the following review helpful Solid but foggy , December 14, 2008 By Kyle Baran This review is from AO Safety/3M Tekk 91264 Professional Chemical Splash Goggle Tools & Home Improvement These goggles are very solid. Fortunately I haven t had to test them yet, but whenever I have used them, I ve felt that my eyes were very well protected. I mainly got these because they were inexpensive and fit over my glasses I can t see much without my glasses, and I need them on for the machine shop work for which I purchased this product . My only real complaint is that they don t have any venting; as a result, after not-that-lengthy periods of use, they tend to fog up inside. This is easily fixed by taking them off briefly, and perhaps wiping down the inside. It s just somewhat annoying to have to stop what I m doing every 15 minutes or so to de-fog. Help other customers find the most helpful reviews Was this review helpful to you | Comments 2 Log in to Reply achiral "chemstudent" says February 10, 2012 at 16 18 23 of 25 people found the following review helpful Not good for glasses. They stink, really! , April 15, 2010 By achiral chemstudent Amazon Verified Purchase http //www.amazon.com/gp/community-help/amazon-verified-purchase\' , AmazonHelp , width 400,height 500,resizable 1,scrollbars 1,toolbar 0,status 1 ;return false; >What s this This review is from AO Safety/3M Tekk 91264 Professional Chemical Splash Goggle Tools & Home Improvement I work in a chemistry lab and wear goggles anywhere from four to twelve hours a day, five to six days a week. Common splash goggles become uncomfortable after a few hours, so I decided to try a few better quality goggles. I wear glasses. On the plus side, these AO Safety goggles are comfortable. The single-piece lens is flexible and exhibits very little distortion. The goggles readily conform to the face, make a good seal, and are plush. The strap appears durable. On the minus side, the lens is tinted, the goggles are heavy, the lens pushes against my glasses, and they emit a horrific odor. Although the lens is obviously high quality, it is tinted. The tinting is subtle, but became more obvious as time went by. The goggles are obviously intended for working in a chemical hazard environment. Most such environments are indoors, so there s really no logic to the tint. It s not dark enough for full sun protection, and diminishes the apparent indoor light. Compared to other goggles, they are heavy. The strap keeps them well positioned, as does the seal they make to the face. But, after a few hours of wear, they become wearisome from the weight pulling on the face. The goggles ability to conform to the face makes them unsuitable for glasses wearers. The edges of the goggles take a sharp turn around the temples. The arms of my glasses contact the lens, forcing the glasses into the bridge of my nose; I don t have big glasses. There are cut outs for the arms of glasses which are readily removed with an hobby knife. These glasses stink. After removing the goggles I could smell the chemicals that leached from their manufacture. This odor remained with me for two to three hours. Whatever is causing the odor cannot be good for the health. Also, as a chemist, odors are one clue that something bad is in the air. Since the odor from the goggles was so overpowering, the inability to smell lab chemicals is a safety hazard. I cannot say whether or not they are fog proof or fog resistant. The lab is kept air-conditioned. I can see why some occasional goggle users would like these, especially if the use is for periods less than one hour. For full-time lab workers, they are not suitable. Help other customers find the most helpful reviews Was this review helpful to you | Comments 2 Log in to Reply AlTer Sam says February 10, 2012 at 17 16 6 of 6 people found the following review helpful Good but , November 17, 2009 By AlTer Sam Amazon Verified Purchase http //www.amazon.com/gp/community-help/amazon-verified-purchase\' , AmazonHelp , width 400,height 500,resizable 1,scrollbars 1,toolbar 0,status 1 ;return false; >What s this This review is from AO Safety/3M Tekk 91264 Professional Chemical Splash Goggle Tools & Home Improvement The goggle works great as described and as it s intended to be used. The lenses are 100% anti-fog, that is for sure, but ventilation is bad. 2 minutes and my prescription glasses would fog up and I d have to remove the goggle for 5 seconds to get clear visibility, and this is why I rated it 4. It s NOT comfy as not wearing, that s for sure, but this is what you get for a well-secure goggle although can be improved . Overall, as an amateur, I m very glad about this product. Help other customers find the most helpful reviews Was this review helpful to you | Comment 1 Log in to Reply Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. You must be logged in to post a comment. RSS Subscription! Follow me! Subscribe Through Email Enter your email address Latest Products You Little Devil! Hot & Sweet Snack Valentine s Gift Basket with Teddy Bear Champion Sports Soccer Linesman Official Checkered Flag Reviews Bayer Advantage II Red 6-Month Flea Control for Dogs 21-55 lbs. Puma Men s Future Cat Remix 2 SF Ferrari Fashion Sneaker Thermoderm 4 Ounce Lotion Provide Fast-acting, Deep-penetrating, Pain-relieving Warmth for Muscle Sprains and Strains, Sore Stiff Muscles, Bursitis and Tendonitis, Arthritis and Joint Pain Recent Reviews Nazira Abdukhalilova on North States Supergate Top-Notch Gate Anonymous on Pure Fun Trampoline Ladder Black Lisa K. "Preemie Mom" on North States Supergate Top-Notch Gate W. Ballard on Polk Audio Monitor 30 AM3025-A 2-Way Bookshelf Speakers Pair, Black psyki on Little Giant PCP550 Pool Cover Pump Popular Keywords Acoustic Black Blue Bluray Book Cable Card Case Combo Deluxe Desktop Digital Download Drive Edition Electric Guitar Home iPhone iPod Keyboard Kindle Laptop Light Memory Men\'s Music Pack Piano Portable Reviews Saga Series Silver Size Stand Strap System Touch Twilight Watch White Wireless Women\'s Yamaha Presented by Consumer Tale - Shop With Ease Powered by ConsumerTale.Com English Afrikaans catal esky Cymraeg dansk Deutsch espa ol eesti suomi fran ais Gaeilge galego hrvatski magyar bahasa Indonesia slenska italiano lietuvi latvie u bahasa Melayu Malti Nederlands norsk polski portugu s rom n sloven ina sloven ina shqipe svenska Kiswahili Filipino T rk e ti ng Vi t powered by')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00968', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Home Fight For Consumer Rights Sell Your Products Contact Us Privacy Home Apparel Audiobooks Beauty & Makeup Blu-Ray Books Building Supplies Camera Cell Phones & Accessories Children\'s Books Computer Accessories & Peripherals Computer Parts & Components Desktops & Servers DVD Electronics Gourmet Food Grocery Hardware Health & Personal Care Home Audio & Theater Home Improvement Instant Videos Jewelry Kindle Store Kitchen & Bath Fixtures Lamps & Light Fixtures Laptops Magazines MP3 Downloads MP3 Players & Accessories Music Musical Instruments Office & School Supplies Pet Supplies Photo & Video Power & Hand Tools Printers & Ink Shoes Software Sporting & Outdoors Tablets & Netbooks Televisions & Video Toys & Baby Valentine\'s Day Gifts Video Games Watches Categories Apparel Audiobooks Beauty & Makeup Blu-Ray Books Building Supplies Camera Cell Phones & Accessories Children\'s Books Computer Accessories & Peripherals Computer Parts & Components Desktops & Servers DVD Electronics Gourmet Food Grocery Hardware Health & Personal Care Home Audio & Theater Home Improvement Instant Videos Jewelry Kindle Store Kitchen & Bath Fixtures Lamps & Light Fixtures Laptops Magazines MP3 Downloads MP3 Players & Accessories Music Musical Instruments Office & School Supplies Pet Supplies Photo & Video Power & Hand Tools Printers & Ink Shoes Software Sporting & Outdoors Tablets & Netbooks Televisions & Video Toys & Baby Valentine\'s Day Gifts Video Games Watches BLACK Big Button clicker with wrist band for Clicker training click and train dog, cat, horse, pets Posted by consumer on February 10th, 2012 BLACK Big Button clicker with wrist band for Clicker training click and train dog, cat, horse, pets BLACK Big Button Training Clicker with wrist strap Clicker training is a form of postive training, click and train Easy to use clicker, fits in the palm of your hand, handy wrist strap. Big button for easy clicking Big button clicker with handy wrist strap for clicker training pets. List Price $ 7.99 Price $ 3.99 Related Horses Products Products Related to BLACK Big Button clicker with wrist band for Clicker training - click and train dog, cat, horse, pets StarMark Clicker Dog Training System Reviews StarMark Clicker Dog Training System Scientific method of training your pet safely and easilyErgonomic design fits comfortably in your handStainless steel clicker element won t rustEasily ... Everlast Pro Style Training Gloves Everlast Pro Style Training Gloves Pair of professional-style boxing training gloves made of synthetic leatherFull padding on the front and back of the wrist promotes ... Simple Solution Puppy Aid Training Spray, 8 Ounces Simple Solution Puppy Aid Training Spray, 8 Ounces Helps train your puppy to urinate in the proper areaScientifically formulated to attract your pet to the ... K-Ii Enterprises Pet-Agree Dog Training Aid Ultrasonic K-Ii Enterprises Pet-Agree Dog Training Aid Ultrasonic Comes with a long life battery, LED battery level indicator, and belt clip.Also use in training cats. ############################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################### ... EA Sports Active NFL Training Camp EA Sports Active NFL Training Camp Add new challenges to your performance with the Wii Balance Board. Balance Board not included EA Sports Active NFL Training ... Did you like this Share it Tweet [Translate] Posted in Pet Supplies Tags Band , Black , Button , click , Clicker , Horse , Pets , Train , Training , Wrist AK Anne Klein Women s Watchit Platform Pump Paintball Xtreme Rage Xray Single Lens Anti-Fog Mask You can leave a response , or trackback from your own site. 3 Responses to BLACK Big Button clicker with wrist band for Clicker training click and train dog, cat, horse, pets Kelly G "Kelly" says February 10, 2012 at 17 43 8 of 8 people found the following review helpful Great for my cats , November 16, 2009 By Kelly G Kelly USA Amazon Verified Purchase http //www.amazon.com/gp/community-help/amazon-verified-purchase\' , AmazonHelp , width 400,height 500,resizable 1,scrollbars 1,toolbar 0,status 1 ;return false; >What s this This review is from BLACK Big Button clicker with wrist band for Clicker training click and train dog, cat, horse, pets Misc. The biggest contributing factor for me purchasing this particular clicker was because it states it can be clicked from nearly any position. In the times I ve used it so far that is always the case. It is very easy to hold in my hand I m only 5 1 and have small hands for an average female and click in my palm. It is the perfect loudness for my two cats even though one typically does not like sudden noises. I like that this clicker has a section on the end for a key chain or string if you choose to use one. Thus far I find no negatives about this clicker. Help other customers find the most helpful reviews Was this review helpful to you | Comment Log in to Reply Jose Rayo "JrR" says February 10, 2012 at 18 36 2 of 2 people found the following review helpful Awesome , October 24, 2010 By Jose Rayo JrR Nashville, TN Amazon Verified Purchase http //www.amazon.com/gp/community-help/amazon-verified-purchase\' , AmazonHelp , width 400,height 500,resizable 1,scrollbars 1,toolbar 0,status 1 ;return false; >What s this This review is from BLACK Big Button clicker with wrist band for Clicker training click and train dog, cat, horse, pets Misc. I had this and it was a good investment for dog training. If it doesn t work you are probably the one to blame, this does what it was made to do MARK THE BEHAVIOR Help other customers find the most helpful reviews Was this review helpful to you | Comment Log in to Reply Linda Brown says February 10, 2012 at 18 47 1 of 1 people found the following review helpful Clicks okay but too quiet for outside , November 2, 2010 By Linda Brown Texas Amazon Verified Purchase http //www.amazon.com/gp/community-help/amazon-verified-purchase\' , AmazonHelp , width 400,height 500,resizable 1,scrollbars 1,toolbar 0,status 1 ;return false; >What s this This review is from BLACK Big Button clicker with wrist band for Clicker training click and train dog, cat, horse, pets Misc. This clicker was too quiet for my use. You can t hear it outdoors hardly at all. I also bought the blue one and it is much better. Help other customers find the most helpful reviews Was this review helpful to you | Comment Log in to Reply Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. You must be logged in to post a comment. RSS Subscription! Follow me! Subscribe Through Email Enter your email address Latest Products You Little Devil! Hot & Sweet Snack Valentine s Gift Basket with Teddy Bear Champion Sports Soccer Linesman Official Checkered Flag Reviews Bayer Advantage II Red 6-Month Flea Control for Dogs 21-55 lbs. Puma Men s Future Cat Remix 2 SF Ferrari Fashion Sneaker Thermoderm 4 Ounce Lotion Provide Fast-acting, Deep-penetrating, Pain-relieving Warmth for Muscle Sprains and Strains, Sore Stiff Muscles, Bursitis and Tendonitis, Arthritis and Joint Pain Recent Reviews Nazira Abdukhalilova on North States Supergate Top-Notch Gate Anonymous on Pure Fun Trampoline Ladder Black Lisa K. "Preemie Mom" on North States Supergate Top-Notch Gate W. Ballard on Polk Audio Monitor 30 AM3025-A 2-Way Bookshelf Speakers Pair, Black psyki on Little Giant PCP550 Pool Cover Pump Popular Keywords Acoustic Black Blue Bluray Book Cable Card Case Combo Deluxe Desktop Digital Download Drive Edition Electric Guitar Home iPhone iPod Keyboard Kindle Laptop Light Memory Men\'s Music Pack Piano Portable Reviews Saga Series Silver Size Stand Strap System Touch Twilight Watch White Wireless Women\'s Yamaha Presented by Consumer Tale - Shop With Ease Powered by ConsumerTale.Com English Afrikaans catal esky Cymraeg dansk Deutsch espa ol eesti suomi fran ais Gaeilge galego hrvatski magyar bahasa Indonesia slenska italiano lietuvi latvie u bahasa Melayu Malti Nederlands norsk polski portugu s rom n sloven ina sloven ina shqipe svenska Kiswahili Filipino T rk e ti ng Vi t powered by')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00969', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Home Fight For Consumer Rights Sell Your Products Contact Us Privacy Home Apparel Audiobooks Beauty & Makeup Blu-Ray Books Building Supplies Camera Cell Phones & Accessories Children\'s Books Computer Accessories & Peripherals Computer Parts & Components Desktops & Servers DVD Electronics Gourmet Food Grocery Hardware Health & Personal Care Home Audio & Theater Home Improvement Instant Videos Jewelry Kindle Store Kitchen & Bath Fixtures Lamps & Light Fixtures Laptops Magazines MP3 Downloads MP3 Players & Accessories Music Musical Instruments Office & School Supplies Pet Supplies Photo & Video Power & Hand Tools Printers & Ink Shoes Software Sporting & Outdoors Tablets & Netbooks Televisions & Video Toys & Baby Valentine\'s Day Gifts Video Games Watches Categories Apparel Audiobooks Beauty & Makeup Blu-Ray Books Building Supplies Camera Cell Phones & Accessories Children\'s Books Computer Accessories & Peripherals Computer Parts & Components Desktops & Servers DVD Electronics Gourmet Food Grocery Hardware Health & Personal Care Home Audio & Theater Home Improvement Instant Videos Jewelry Kindle Store Kitchen & Bath Fixtures Lamps & Light Fixtures Laptops Magazines MP3 Downloads MP3 Players & Accessories Music Musical Instruments Office & School Supplies Pet Supplies Photo & Video Power & Hand Tools Printers & Ink Shoes Software Sporting & Outdoors Tablets & Netbooks Televisions & Video Toys & Baby Valentine\'s Day Gifts Video Games Watches Box of Fire Posted by consumer on February 10th, 2012 Box of Fire List Price $ 119.98 Price $ 89.45 Related Box Sets Products Products Related to Box of Fire Kindle Fire Leather Case Cover by Marware, Pink Kindle Fire Leather Case Cover by Marware, Pink Certified "Made for Kindle" accessory Kindle Fire Durable, genuine leather folio lined with soft microsuede for enhanced protection ... Kindle Fire Charger / AC Adapter Reviews Kindle Fire Charger / AC Adapter Approved charger for the Kindle FireFully charges Kindle Fire in 4 hours or lessAlso compatible with Kindle Keyboard, Kindle, ... Decalgirl Kindle Fire Skin Fascinating Surprise Decalgirl Kindle Fire Skin Fascinating Surprise Certified "Made for Kindle" skin Kindle Fire Special non-glare matte/satin finishDurable adhesive stickers that are easy to apply to ... SentrySafe H2300 0.36 Cubic Foot Fire-Safe Waterproof Chest, Silver Gray SentrySafe H2300 0.36 Cubic Foot Fire-Safe Waterproof Chest, Silver Gray Capacity of 0.36 cubic feet 627 cubic inches ETL-verified 1/2-hour fire protection for CDs, DVDs, USB ... Kindle Fire How-To Guide Your Guide to Tips, Tricks, Free Books, and Startup Kindle Fire How-To Guide Your Guide to Tips, Tricks, Free Books, and Startup Amazon s Kindle Fire is full of new whistles and bells as well ... Did you like this Share it Tweet [Translate] Posted in Music Tags Fire Chicago Tribune Nick At Nite A Classic Cartoon Christmas, Too You can leave a response , or trackback from your own site. 3 Responses to Box of Fire bixodoido says February 10, 2012 at 15 20 33 of 33 people found the following review helpful A must have for any Aerosmith fan , September 29, 2002 By bixodoido Utah, USA This review is from Box of Fire Audio CD This set contains all 12 of Aerosmith s early Columbia releases 7 studio albums, 3 live ones, an early Greatest Hits, and the album Gems , which I guess is another anthology. For many fans of their newer music, few of these tracks will be recognizable, maybe only a few from the Greatest hits. Still, this is a great way to discover Aerosmith at their height. Besides the 12 original albums, this set includes a 5-track bonus disc, most notable for its rockin rendition of Sweet Emotion and the absolutely beautiful version of Dream On with a symphony! . These are two excellent remakes of a couple of Aerosmith s best songs. The great thing about this set is that all the old albums appear exactly as they originally did though they ve been remastered . You don t have to worry about song selection because it s all here. So, for anyone wanting to start a good Aerosmith collection, this is the absolute best place to start. This box set is highly recommended. Don t let the high price tag fool you it s well worth every penny. Help other customers find the most helpful reviews Was this review helpful to you | Comment Log in to Reply Bill M. "bill_m1" says February 10, 2012 at 15 27 25 of 26 people found the following review helpful All the great old Aerosmith albums. Bulk is cheap but perhaps overkill too. , December 28, 2007 By Bill M. bill_m1 MA, USA This review is from Box of Fire Audio CD A lot of other reviewers here seem clueless as to why this box set was released the way it was. Some history might clear this up. Aerosmith first signed with Columbia records in 1972. Then in the mid 1980s they cleaned up their drug habits and switched labels to Geffen records. After having quite a successful come-back, they then went back to Columbia records in 1994. What does this have to do with the box set Well you have to realize that in the music industry, the release of compilations, box sets, and even just re-releases of older albums is all largely determined by a band s record label. A record label obviously isn t going to make money off of an album put out by another label. This means that when a band releases a lot of albums under one record label but then leaves them for a new label, each label will handle things with their own best interest in mind. For example, the old stuff might get acquired and re-released on and by the new label, or the band will try to finish off their old contract by releasing a compilation album, etc. It s no coincidence then that when Aerosmith joined back with Columbia in 1994, the label decided to re-release all 12 albums that they had done for Aerosmith. In addition to selling them separately, they also decided to put all 12 discs in this box set, Box of Fire . So this box set simply contains all 12 individual Aerosmith albums that had been released up until then with Columbia records, plus a bonus EP of rarities. This means you will NOT find anything from the albums Aerosmith did with Geffen. That means nothing from Done With Mirrors , Permanent Vacation , Pump , or Get a Grip . If you re looking for a compilation of the hit songs from those years, try Big Ones , which Geffen released in the same year. But here is what you WILL find in Box of Fire DISCS 1-7 Aerosmith s 7 albums from the 1970s. Aerosmith , Get Your Wings , Toys in the Attic , Rocks , Draw the Line , the Live! Bootleg live album, and Night in the Ruts DISC 8 Greatest Hits , a compilation spanning the 1970s albums, released in 1980. DISC 9 The 1982 album Rock in a Hard Place . This was made without Joe Perry, and is often considered the black sheep album of Aerosmith s career. Personally, I love it. DISCS 10-11 Classics Live! and Classics Live! II . These were two live compilation albums that Columbia released while Aerosmith was still making new albums with Geffen. The first is a collection of 1977-1983 recordings, with the bonus non-album track Major Barbara . Classics II consists of live recordings from the mid-80s after Aerosmith reunited with Joe Perry. DISC 12 Gems , another album that Columbia released while Aerosmith was already with Geffen, to cash-in on the band s return of popularity which again was due to the hits they were releasing from Geffen albums like Permanent Vacation and Pump . It was released in 1988, and is essentially a Greatest Hits volume II from the Columbia years. I remember it being quite popular because it was not only a cheap way for new Aerosmith fans to get some of their older stuff, but it was the only disc on which you could get the studio version of Chip Away at the Stone , a 1978 single that was never released as a track on a full album before. DISC 13 This is a bonus EP with five tracks. There s a 1991 edit of Sweet Emotion , which Columbia used in the music video to promote the Pandora s Box box set, yet ANOTHER thing they released while Aerosmith was having success with Geffen records. Also here is the live orchestral version of Dream On that the band did for an Mtv special and also released on the Last Action Hero soundtrack. The other tree tracks are Circle Jerk the ghost track from Pandora s Box and two other songs that you won t find anywhere else. Some people are complaining about the redundant tracks, or the fact that you could use less discs to fit the same music. Again, this is a re-release of the 12 individual classic Aerosmith albums, that were being sold individually anyway, and they re being sold all together here as a collector s set. They re going for completeness. So who would want to buy this entire box set Especially since you admittedly have some redundant tracks here with Greatest Hits , etc. If you re just a casual fan, then by all means, stick with the much cheaper Pandora s Box box set which Columbia released in 1991. On the other hand, if you don t have much Aerosmith on CD, then this is the best way to get all of the old stuff in one purchase at one low price. That was certainly the case for many of us back in 1994, when a lot of us only had Aerosmith on vinyl or cassette and wanted a good CD replacement. Likewise, if you re a die-hard fan who wants a complete collection, including those rarities, then Read more Help other customers find the most helpful reviews Was this review helpful to you | Comments 2 Log in to Reply Bill R. Moore says February 10, 2012 at 15 31 23 of 25 people found the following review helpful A Must Buy If You Don t Already Own These Albums , May 28, 2000 By Bill R. Moore New York, USA This review is from Box of Fire Audio CD By far the most comprehensive Aerosmith collection available. Box of Fire includes all of the band s Columbia albums with the exception of, of course, Nine Lives, and even adds a 5 cd bonus disc. The discs come remastered and with extensive linear notes. The only drawback to this excellent box set is the price. At around $100, it is too much for most listeners, but for those who are loaded you should definately get this collection, especially if you don t already own these albums. If you do though, you will almost certainly want to pass as there is nothing new here outside the five songs of which you have probably already heard, and maybe even own, three and the box itself. Help other customers find the most helpful reviews Was this review helpful to you | Comment Log in to Reply Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. You must be logged in to post a comment. RSS Subscription! Follow me! Subscribe Through Email Enter your email address Latest Products Prince Charming Wild About You Romantic Gift for Guys Airy Curl Styler Beauty Hair Make Up Curling Tool Bayer K9 Advantix II Red 4-Month Flea & Tick Drops for Large Dogs, 21-55 lbs. Nike Dart 9 Running shoes Rescue Remedy Pastilles 1.70 Ounces Recent Reviews Luke\'s Mom on Combi Kobuk Air-Thru, Licorice engk916 "engk916" on Combi Kobuk Air-Thru, Licorice Nazira Abdukhalilova on North States Supergate Top-Notch Gate Anonymous on Pure Fun Trampoline Ladder Black D. Drake on Rescue Remedy Pastilles 1.70 Ounces Popular Keywords Acoustic Apple Black Blue Bluray Book Cable Card Case Color Combo Deluxe Desktop Digital Download Drive Edition Electric Guitar Home iPhone iPod Keyboard Kindle Laptop Memory Men\'s Music Pack Piano Portable Reviews Saga Series Silver Size Stand System Touch Twilight Watch White Wireless Women\'s Yamaha Presented by Consumer Tale - Shop With Ease Powered by ConsumerTale.Com English Afrikaans catal esky Cymraeg dansk Deutsch espa ol eesti suomi fran ais Gaeilge galego hrvatski magyar bahasa Indonesia slenska italiano lietuvi latvie u bahasa Melayu Malti Nederlands norsk polski portugu s rom n sloven ina sloven ina shqipe svenska Kiswahili Filipino T rk e ti ng Vi t powered by')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00970', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Home Fight For Consumer Rights Sell Your Products Contact Us Privacy Home Apparel Audiobooks Beauty & Makeup Blu-Ray Books Building Supplies Camera Cell Phones & Accessories Children\'s Books Computer Accessories & Peripherals Computer Parts & Components Desktops & Servers DVD Electronics Gourmet Food Grocery Hardware Health & Personal Care Home Audio & Theater Home Improvement Instant Videos Jewelry Kindle Store Kitchen & Bath Fixtures Lamps & Light Fixtures Laptops Magazines MP3 Downloads MP3 Players & Accessories Music Musical Instruments Office & School Supplies Pet Supplies Photo & Video Power & Hand Tools Printers & Ink Shoes Software Sporting & Outdoors Tablets & Netbooks Televisions & Video Toys & Baby Valentine\'s Day Gifts Video Games Watches Categories Apparel Audiobooks Beauty & Makeup Blu-Ray Books Building Supplies Camera Cell Phones & Accessories Children\'s Books Computer Accessories & Peripherals Computer Parts & Components Desktops & Servers DVD Electronics Gourmet Food Grocery Hardware Health & Personal Care Home Audio & Theater Home Improvement Instant Videos Jewelry Kindle Store Kitchen & Bath Fixtures Lamps & Light Fixtures Laptops Magazines MP3 Downloads MP3 Players & Accessories Music Musical Instruments Office & School Supplies Pet Supplies Photo & Video Power & Hand Tools Printers & Ink Shoes Software Sporting & Outdoors Tablets & Netbooks Televisions & Video Toys & Baby Valentine\'s Day Gifts Video Games Watches Chicago Tribune Posted by consumer on February 10th, 2012 Chicago Tribune With the Chicago Tribune, you ll have everything you need to stay informed. Whether it s Chicagoland, national or world news the Chicago Tribune has it all. The Chicago Tribune s Pulitzer-Prize winning journalists provide all of the coverage and features you need to start your day off right. The Kindle Edition of The Chicago Tribune contains articles found in the print edition, but will not include some images and tables. Also, some features and sections such as Chicago Tribune Magazine, the crossword puzzle, Parade magazine, box scores and classifieds are not currently available. For your convenience, issues are automatically delivered wirelessly to your Kindle starting at 5 00 AM Chicago local time. List Price $ 0.01 Price $ 9.99 Find More Kindle Newspapers Products Products Related to Chicago Tribune The International Herald Tribune The International Herald Tribune The color Kindle edition of The International Herald Tribune is now available on the Kindle Reading App for your Android device. ... Los Angeles Times Los Angeles Times The Los Angeles Times is one of the largest metropolitan daily newspaper in the country. This Pulitzer Prize-winning newspaper has been covering ... Free Kindle Games Free Kindle Games Every day at least one new game will be posted that you can download for free on your Kindle or other reading ... National Geographic Magazine National Geographic Magazine NATIONAL GEOGRAPHIC, the flagship magazine of the National Geographic Society, chronicles exploration and adventure, as well as changes that impact life on ... PC Magazine PC Magazine Business buyers and consumers of computing and consumer electronic products turn to PC Magazine as the trusted online brand for lab-based product reviews, ... Did you like this Share it Tweet [Translate] Posted in Kindle Store Tags Chicago , Tribune Make The Most Of Your Time On Earth 1000 Ultimate Travel Experiences Rough Guides Box of Fire You can leave a response , or trackback from your own site. 3 Responses to Chicago Tribune J. Stainbrook says February 10, 2012 at 15 46 109 of 111 people found the following review helpful Good and hopefully getting better , September 21, 2008 By J. Stainbrook Chicago This review is from Chicago Tribune Kindle Edition I have been a Chicago Tribune print subscriber for 10 years. I wanted to get the Tribune on the Kindle for a number of reasons no paper to deal with, ease of delivery, etc. . While I m very glad the Tribune is now available on the Kindle, there is certainly room for improvement. The Kindle version of the Tribune is simply a dump of the Tribune articles. For the most part, this is fine the reader gets all of the content minus graphs, charts, comics, crossword puzzle of the print edition. However, there are a number of flaws that haven t been corrected yet, including - Most columns do not have a byline even after being told this would be corrected, it isn t 100% - Accompanying articles are out of order - General formatting e.g. lists - Occasionally items are clearly missing e.g. Here are 5 items and then the 5 items are missing - US/World blurbs do not identify the state or country It s clear the formatting of the Kindle edition of the Tribune needs some work the Tribune needs to understand how the reader views the articles and format them accordingly. A simple dump from the print edition isn t sufficient; additional formatting is necessary. I have subscribed to the Chicago Tribune Kindle edition since it was first offered, and it has improved. Here s hoping that the Tribune continues these improvements to make the Kindle edition something worth my continued subscription. Help other customers find the most helpful reviews Was this review helpful to you | Comments 2 Log in to Reply Robert Thornburgh says February 10, 2012 at 16 26 23 of 23 people found the following review helpful Graphics update , November 5, 2010 By Robert Thornburgh This review is from Chicago Tribune Kindle Edition Well the Tribune finally has photos. They re kind of nice to have even if they make the file 5-10 times bigger a hassle if you re in a war zone with crappy internet access . The thing is, since they now include graphics for the news stories there really isn t any reason not to include comics as well. I can get the Tribune online for the same price with the comics included, but the file is 5-10 times even larger than it is now. Again, only a problem where I m at but even when I m home I don t carry a laptop with me everywhere as I can and do with the Kindle. For those who are wondering why I m going on about the comics, look, the paper edition home delivery is the same price approximately as the online and Kindle editions. If you re not going to include certain features on the Kindle edition you should make the price much cheaper. I don t read the paper just for the comics, but if I m going to pay for them I d certainly like to have them available. And now there is no reason not to include them! Help other customers find the most helpful reviews Was this review helpful to you | Comments 2 Log in to Reply Rayynn " o_O " says February 10, 2012 at 17 14 24 of 26 people found the following review helpful On time delivery. All the important stuff is there. , July 14, 2009 By Rayynn o_O Chicago, IL USA This review is from Chicago Tribune Kindle Edition What you get Tons of articles. No pictures, comics, or puzzles. But then again are you really reading the paper for a pictures and puzzles Seriously I m happy to have all of my content weather included . I m up to date on the news right on time. I m usually up and ready to read the paper by 6 30a. I m not sure how early anyone who has not gotten their paper on time gets up . I m from Chicago. I like that how the Trib has a nice balance of local news and national news. The stories are well written most of the time . I d like to say it s pretty open minded for a newspaper. I don t really agree with everything.. and sometimes I want more info. But that s news, right It s a fresh opinion before all the facts are out. I also noticed that a lot of the bad reviews are kind of dated. Perhaps they ve perfected their system That s a good sign . Help other customers find the most helpful reviews Was this review helpful to you | Comment 1 Log in to Reply Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. You must be logged in to post a comment. RSS Subscription! Follow me! Subscribe Through Email Enter your email address Latest Products You Little Devil! Hot & Sweet Snack Valentine s Gift Basket with Teddy Bear Champion Sports Soccer Linesman Official Checkered Flag Reviews Bayer Advantage II Red 6-Month Flea Control for Dogs 21-55 lbs. Puma Men s Future Cat Remix 2 SF Ferrari Fashion Sneaker Thermoderm 4 Ounce Lotion Provide Fast-acting, Deep-penetrating, Pain-relieving Warmth for Muscle Sprains and Strains, Sore Stiff Muscles, Bursitis and Tendonitis, Arthritis and Joint Pain Recent Reviews Nazira Abdukhalilova on North States Supergate Top-Notch Gate Anonymous on Pure Fun Trampoline Ladder Black Lisa K. "Preemie Mom" on North States Supergate Top-Notch Gate W. Ballard on Polk Audio Monitor 30 AM3025-A 2-Way Bookshelf Speakers Pair, Black psyki on Little Giant PCP550 Pool Cover Pump Popular Keywords Acoustic Black Blue Bluray Book Cable Card Case Combo Deluxe Desktop Digital Download Drive Edition Electric Guitar Home iPhone iPod Keyboard Kindle Laptop Light Memory Men\'s Music Pack Piano Portable Reviews Saga Series Silver Size Stand Strap System Touch Twilight Watch White Wireless Women\'s Yamaha Presented by Consumer Tale - Shop With Ease Powered by ConsumerTale.Com English Afrikaans catal esky Cymraeg dansk Deutsch espa ol eesti suomi fran ais Gaeilge galego hrvatski magyar bahasa Indonesia slenska italiano lietuvi latvie u bahasa Melayu Malti Nederlands norsk polski portugu s rom n sloven ina sloven ina shqipe svenska Kiswahili Filipino T rk e ti ng Vi t powered by')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00971', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Home Fight For Consumer Rights Sell Your Products Contact Us Privacy Home Apparel Audiobooks Beauty & Makeup Blu-Ray Books Building Supplies Camera Cell Phones & Accessories Children\'s Books Computer Accessories & Peripherals Computer Parts & Components Desktops & Servers DVD Electronics Gourmet Food Grocery Hardware Health & Personal Care Home Audio & Theater Home Improvement Instant Videos Jewelry Kindle Store Kitchen & Bath Fixtures Lamps & Light Fixtures Laptops Magazines MP3 Downloads MP3 Players & Accessories Music Musical Instruments Office & School Supplies Pet Supplies Photo & Video Power & Hand Tools Printers & Ink Shoes Software Sporting & Outdoors Tablets & Netbooks Televisions & Video Toys & Baby Valentine\'s Day Gifts Video Games Watches Categories Apparel Audiobooks Beauty & Makeup Blu-Ray Books Building Supplies Camera Cell Phones & Accessories Children\'s Books Computer Accessories & Peripherals Computer Parts & Components Desktops & Servers DVD Electronics Gourmet Food Grocery Hardware Health & Personal Care Home Audio & Theater Home Improvement Instant Videos Jewelry Kindle Store Kitchen & Bath Fixtures Lamps & Light Fixtures Laptops Magazines MP3 Downloads MP3 Players & Accessories Music Musical Instruments Office & School Supplies Pet Supplies Photo & Video Power & Hand Tools Printers & Ink Shoes Software Sporting & Outdoors Tablets & Netbooks Televisions & Video Toys & Baby Valentine\'s Day Gifts Video Games Watches Gibson Gear PRHK-010 Electric Guitar Part Posted by consumer on February 10th, 2012 Gibson Gear PRHK-010 Electric Guitar Part Authentic Gibson Replacement Part Fits Gibson Les Paul models and many other electric guitars Includes two volume and two tone control knobs Black Color Black Gibson Top Hat Knobs Black 4 Pack List Price $ 19.06 Price $ 10.95 Find More Parts Products Products Related to Gibson Gear PRHK-010 Electric Guitar Part Gibson Gear PRSK-020 Electric Guitar Part Gibson Gear PRSK-020 Electric Guitar Part Authentic Gibson Replacement PartFits Gibson Les Paul models and many other electric guitarsIncludes two volume and two tone control ... Gibson Gear PRSK-010 speed knobs 4 / black Reviews Gibson Gear PRSK-010 speed knobs 4 / black Authentic Gibson Replacement PartFits Gibson Les Paul models and many other electric guitarsIncludes two volume and two ... Gibson Gear AIGG-925 Stringed Instrument Care Gibson Gear AIGG-925 Stringed Instrument Care Professional qualityAuthentic GibsonWon\'t leave scratches! Gibson Polishing Cloth List Price $ 5.37 Price $ 3.99 Gibson Gear AIGG-RK1 Stringed Instrument Care Reviews Gibson Gear AIGG-RK1 Stringed Instrument Care Professional qualityAuthentic GibsonHelps restore that old guitar\'s luster and shine Gibson Vintage Reissue Guitar Restoration Kit that comes with ... Gibson Gear G-CAREKIT1 Stringed Instrument Care Gibson Gear G-CAREKIT1 Stringed Instrument Care Professional qualityAuthentic GibsonClear bucket containe easy to take anywhere Recommended by experts this kit contains, premium fretboard conditioner, low ... Did you like this Share it Tweet [Translate] Posted in Musical Instruments Tags Electric , Gear , Gibson , Guitar , Part , PRHK010 Yamaha Silent Brass Patch Cord MU-CORDP 3 Meters Reviews Make The Most Of Your Time On Earth 1000 Ultimate Travel Experiences Rough Guides You can leave a response , or trackback from your own site. Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. You must be logged in to post a comment. RSS Subscription! Follow me! Subscribe Through Email Enter your email address Latest Products You Little Devil! Hot & Sweet Snack Valentine s Gift Basket with Teddy Bear Champion Sports Soccer Linesman Official Checkered Flag Reviews Bayer Advantage II Red 6-Month Flea Control for Dogs 21-55 lbs. Puma Men s Future Cat Remix 2 SF Ferrari Fashion Sneaker Thermoderm 4 Ounce Lotion Provide Fast-acting, Deep-penetrating, Pain-relieving Warmth for Muscle Sprains and Strains, Sore Stiff Muscles, Bursitis and Tendonitis, Arthritis and Joint Pain Recent Reviews Nazira Abdukhalilova on North States Supergate Top-Notch Gate Anonymous on Pure Fun Trampoline Ladder Black Lisa K. "Preemie Mom" on North States Supergate Top-Notch Gate W. Ballard on Polk Audio Monitor 30 AM3025-A 2-Way Bookshelf Speakers Pair, Black psyki on Little Giant PCP550 Pool Cover Pump Popular Keywords Acoustic Black Blue Bluray Book Cable Card Case Combo Deluxe Desktop Digital Download Drive Edition Electric Guitar Home iPhone iPod Keyboard Kindle Laptop Light Memory Men\'s Music Pack Piano Portable Reviews Saga Series Silver Size Stand Strap System Touch Twilight Watch White Wireless Women\'s Yamaha Presented by Consumer Tale - Shop With Ease Powered by ConsumerTale.Com English Afrikaans catal esky Cymraeg dansk Deutsch espa ol eesti suomi fran ais Gaeilge galego hrvatski magyar bahasa Indonesia slenska italiano lietuvi latvie u bahasa Melayu Malti Nederlands norsk polski portugu s rom n sloven ina sloven ina shqipe svenska Kiswahili Filipino T rk e ti ng Vi t powered by')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00972', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Home Fight For Consumer Rights Sell Your Products Contact Us Privacy Home Apparel Audiobooks Beauty & Makeup Blu-Ray Books Building Supplies Camera Cell Phones & Accessories Children\'s Books Computer Accessories & Peripherals Computer Parts & Components Desktops & Servers DVD Electronics Gourmet Food Grocery Hardware Health & Personal Care Home Audio & Theater Home Improvement Instant Videos Jewelry Kindle Store Kitchen & Bath Fixtures Lamps & Light Fixtures Laptops Magazines MP3 Downloads MP3 Players & Accessories Music Musical Instruments Office & School Supplies Pet Supplies Photo & Video Power & Hand Tools Printers & Ink Shoes Software Sporting & Outdoors Tablets & Netbooks Televisions & Video Toys & Baby Valentine\'s Day Gifts Video Games Watches Categories Apparel Audiobooks Beauty & Makeup Blu-Ray Books Building Supplies Camera Cell Phones & Accessories Children\'s Books Computer Accessories & Peripherals Computer Parts & Components Desktops & Servers DVD Electronics Gourmet Food Grocery Hardware Health & Personal Care Home Audio & Theater Home Improvement Instant Videos Jewelry Kindle Store Kitchen & Bath Fixtures Lamps & Light Fixtures Laptops Magazines MP3 Downloads MP3 Players & Accessories Music Musical Instruments Office & School Supplies Pet Supplies Photo & Video Power & Hand Tools Printers & Ink Shoes Software Sporting & Outdoors Tablets & Netbooks Televisions & Video Toys & Baby Valentine\'s Day Gifts Video Games Watches Hosa GPM-103 3.5mm TRS to 1/4 TRS Adaptor Posted by consumer on February 10th, 2012 Hosa GPM-103 3.5mm TRS to 1/4 TRS Adaptor Adaptor 3.5 mm TRS to 1/4 in TRS Connector 3.5 mm TRS to 1/4 in TRS For DJ headphones with a non-threaded 3.5mm connection. Allows you to plug into DJ style mixers and other 6.3mm sockets! Hosa cables are built with the hard-working, hard-touring musician or audio professional in mind. Hosa cables are exceedingly popular, due in part to their reputation as being one of the most affordable and high-quality cable lines in the business. Hosa cables have also received praise for their durability and excellent performance. When it comes to audio cable design, Hosa keeps a steady eye on the basics, and you can hear this attention to detail in their sound. To make your next music experience extraordinary, pick up a Hosa cable today! All Hosa cables and adapters, including hard-wired stage snakes and stage boxes, are warranted by Hosa Technology, Inc. to be free of defects in material and workmanship for the lifetime of the original purchaser. List Price $ 5.99 Price $ 0.01 Find More Turntables Products Products Related to Hosa GPM-103 3.5mm TRS to 1/4" TRS Adaptor Hosa CSS103 1/4 TRS Interconnect Cable 3 Ft Hosa CSS103 1/4 TRS Interconnect Cable 3 Ft Nickel-plated plugs for rugged durability and efficient signal transferOxygen-Free Copper OFC conductors for enhanced signal clarityOFC spiral ... Hosa CSS110 1/4 TRS Interconnect Cable 10 Ft Hosa CSS110 1/4 TRS Interconnect Cable 10 Ft Nickel-plated plugs for rugged durability and efficient signal transferOxygen-Free Copper OFC conductors for enhanced signal clarityOFC spiral ... PlayStation Vita USB Cable PlayStation Vita USB Cable The Official PlayStation Vita USB Cable4.92 ft. long USB Cable with special PS Vita connectorIdeal for a spare or a replacementWorks ... White USB Cable Power Adapter Wall Charger Adaptor with fixed blades for Apple iPod, iPhone, iPhone 3G, iPhone 4,Touch, Shuffle, Nano, Classic White USB Cable Power Adapter Wall Charger Adaptor with fixed blades for Apple iPod, iPhone, iPhone 3G, iPhone 4,Touch, Shuffle, Nano, Classic Brand new non-OEM. ... Emerson GQ756 CDG Karaoke Player Emerson GQ756 CDG Karaoke Player Mix and Record Music and Voice20W SpeakerIncludes 100 MP3G Songs on DiscRemote ControlDigital Echo & Digital Key Control CD/CDG/MP3/MP3G Karaoke ... Did you like this Share it Tweet [Translate] Posted in Home Audio & Theater Tags 3.5mm , Adaptor , GPM103 , Hosa 3.75 Muslin Clamps, Pack of 6 iview 1300LEDTV 13.3-Inch 720p LCD TV DVD Combo Black You can leave a response , or trackback from your own site. 3 Responses to Hosa GPM-103 3.5mm TRS to 1/4 TRS Adaptor Chen says February 10, 2012 at 15 50 11 of 11 people found the following review helpful Great adapter. , February 19, 2010 By Chen Amazon Verified Purchase http //www.amazon.com/gp/community-help/amazon-verified-purchase\' , AmazonHelp , width 400,height 500,resizable 1,scrollbars 1,toolbar 0,status 1 ;return false; >What s this This review is from Hosa GPM-103 3.5mm TRS to 1/4 TRS Adaptor Electronics This adapter gets the job done. It doesn t cause a loss of sound quality and it s durable. I got this item to plug headphones into a 1/4 amplifier jack a while back, and it s lasted me ever since. Help other customers find the most helpful reviews Was this review helpful to you | Comment Log in to Reply Daniel Foucachon says February 10, 2012 at 16 05 8 of 8 people found the following review helpful Good Quality , January 24, 2010 By Daniel Foucachon Moscow, ID Amazon Verified Purchase http //www.amazon.com/gp/community-help/amazon-verified-purchase\' , AmazonHelp , width 400,height 500,resizable 1,scrollbars 1,toolbar 0,status 1 ;return false; >What s this This review is from Hosa GPM-103 3.5mm TRS to 1/4 TRS Adaptor Electronics Great quality adapter! Had to replace one that was going loose, and this worked very well. No static, snug fit, good price, fast shipping, quality packaging. All in all, good product and seller. I m buying a second one for backup! Help other customers find the most helpful reviews Was this review helpful to you | Comment Log in to Reply A.T. says February 10, 2012 at 16 09 5 of 5 people found the following review helpful Good Product, Great Price , December 2, 2010 By A.T. Amazon Verified Purchase http //www.amazon.com/gp/community-help/amazon-verified-purchase\' , AmazonHelp , width 400,height 500,resizable 1,scrollbars 1,toolbar 0,status 1 ;return false; >What s this This review is from Hosa GPM-103 3.5mm TRS to 1/4 TRS Adaptor Electronics I recently purchased this item to play music from my iPad/ iPod through a PA system. I teach music and need reliable equipment that produces good quality sound so that my students can dig into the music. This product provided just that for a great price. Help other customers find the most helpful reviews Was this review helpful to you | Comment Log in to Reply Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. You must be logged in to post a comment. RSS Subscription! Follow me! Subscribe Through Email Enter your email address Latest Products You Little Devil! Hot & Sweet Snack Valentine s Gift Basket with Teddy Bear Champion Sports Soccer Linesman Official Checkered Flag Reviews Bayer Advantage II Red 6-Month Flea Control for Dogs 21-55 lbs. Puma Men s Future Cat Remix 2 SF Ferrari Fashion Sneaker Thermoderm 4 Ounce Lotion Provide Fast-acting, Deep-penetrating, Pain-relieving Warmth for Muscle Sprains and Strains, Sore Stiff Muscles, Bursitis and Tendonitis, Arthritis and Joint Pain Recent Reviews Nazira Abdukhalilova on North States Supergate Top-Notch Gate Anonymous on Pure Fun Trampoline Ladder Black Lisa K. "Preemie Mom" on North States Supergate Top-Notch Gate W. Ballard on Polk Audio Monitor 30 AM3025-A 2-Way Bookshelf Speakers Pair, Black psyki on Little Giant PCP550 Pool Cover Pump Popular Keywords Acoustic Black Blue Bluray Book Cable Card Case Combo Deluxe Desktop Digital Download Drive Edition Electric Guitar Home iPhone iPod Keyboard Kindle Laptop Light Memory Men\'s Music Pack Piano Portable Reviews Saga Series Silver Size Stand Strap System Touch Twilight Watch White Wireless Women\'s Yamaha Presented by Consumer Tale - Shop With Ease Powered by ConsumerTale.Com English Afrikaans catal esky Cymraeg dansk Deutsch espa ol eesti suomi fran ais Gaeilge galego hrvatski magyar bahasa Indonesia slenska italiano lietuvi latvie u bahasa Melayu Malti Nederlands norsk polski portugu s rom n sloven ina sloven ina shqipe svenska Kiswahili Filipino T rk e ti ng Vi t powered by')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00973', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Home Fight For Consumer Rights Sell Your Products Contact Us Privacy Home Apparel Audiobooks Beauty & Makeup Blu-Ray Books Building Supplies Camera Cell Phones & Accessories Children\'s Books Computer Accessories & Peripherals Computer Parts & Components Desktops & Servers DVD Electronics Gourmet Food Grocery Hardware Health & Personal Care Home Audio & Theater Home Improvement Instant Videos Jewelry Kindle Store Kitchen & Bath Fixtures Lamps & Light Fixtures Laptops Magazines MP3 Downloads MP3 Players & Accessories Music Musical Instruments Office & School Supplies Pet Supplies Photo & Video Power & Hand Tools Printers & Ink Shoes Software Sporting & Outdoors Tablets & Netbooks Televisions & Video Toys & Baby Valentine\'s Day Gifts Video Games Watches Categories Apparel Audiobooks Beauty & Makeup Blu-Ray Books Building Supplies Camera Cell Phones & Accessories Children\'s Books Computer Accessories & Peripherals Computer Parts & Components Desktops & Servers DVD Electronics Gourmet Food Grocery Hardware Health & Personal Care Home Audio & Theater Home Improvement Instant Videos Jewelry Kindle Store Kitchen & Bath Fixtures Lamps & Light Fixtures Laptops Magazines MP3 Downloads MP3 Players & Accessories Music Musical Instruments Office & School Supplies Pet Supplies Photo & Video Power & Hand Tools Printers & Ink Shoes Software Sporting & Outdoors Tablets & Netbooks Televisions & Video Toys & Baby Valentine\'s Day Gifts Video Games Watches iview 1300LEDTV 13.3-Inch 720p LCD TV DVD Combo Black Posted by consumer on February 10th, 2012 iview 1300LEDTV 13.3-Inch 720p LCD TV DVD Combo Black High Def 720P LED TV HMDI Input Built-in DVD player Multimedia Interface Multi TV System NTSC/PAL Key feature 13-inch LED display that s great for viewing both standard or high-definition programming. The display also features a 250 cd/m2 brightness rating, 1280 800 resolution, 16 10 widescreen ratio. Built-in slot loading DVD player, compatible with MPEG1/2/4, MP3, JPEG, AVI formats. Multi-TV system NTSC & PAL. HDMI, Component, VGA, RCA, S Video, USB, SD inputs. Supports 720P programming. Package content LCD TV, remote control, AC-DC adapter. List Price $ 230.00 Price $ 183.49 Venturer KLV3915 15.4-Inch Undercabinet Kitchen LCD TV/DVD Combo 15.4-inch undercabinet LCD TV/DVD combo Flip-up screen flips around and up to save space and protect the screen DVD player compatible with DVDs, CDs and JPGs; Digital/analog ATSC/NTSC TV tuner AM/FM radio with digital tuning and station presets Includes magnetic remote control and under-cabinet mounting hardware Enjoy the companionship of the KLV3915 15.4-inch undercabinet TV/DVD combo as you work in the kitchen. The space-saving design features a flip-up screen that flips around and up safely tucking it away while it s not in use. You ll be able to enjoy your favorite TV shows via the ATSC/NTSC tuner, your favorite movies with the built-in DVD player, and your favorite turns with the AM/FM radio with digital tuning. Use the clock and timer functions to bake a cake or roast a turkey. Follow along with your favorite cooking shows to prepare new dishes to impress dinner guests. The KLV3915 includes a magnetic remote control so you can store it on your refrigerator for easy access. List Price $ 449.99 Price $ 269.99 Products Related to iview 1300LEDTV 13.3-Inch 720p LCD TV DVD Combo - Black Haier HLTC15DC 15.6-Inch 720p Portable LCD TV/DVD Combo, Black Haier HLTC15DC 15.6-Inch 720p Portable LCD TV/DVD Combo, Black 15.6-inch LCD TV/DVD Combo; 720p HDTV with 1400 x 900 resolution; Dynamic contrast ratio 400 1Response time ... Sharp AQUOS LC19DV28UT 19-Inch LCD TV/ DVD Combo Unit, Black Reviews Sharp AQUOS LC19DV28UT 19-Inch LCD TV/ DVD Combo Unit, Black 19-inch TFT LCD HDTV supports 720p and 1080i sourcesBuilt-in, side-loading, progressive scan DVD player16 9 widescreen ... GPX BT780B Portable DVD/CD/AM/FM Radio Boombox with 7-Inch LCD Display, Remote Control, TV Tuner, SD Card Reader and Mic Inputs GPX BT780B Portable DVD/CD/AM/FM Radio Boombox with 7-Inch LCD Display, Remote Control, TV Tuner, SD Card Reader and Mic Inputs Portable boombox with 7 inch ... Coby TF-DVD1995 19-Inch 720p TV Combo Coby TF-DVD1995 19-Inch 720p TV Combo 19-Inch widescreen TFT LCD Integrated slot-loading DVD player upconverts DVD video to near-HD quality 720p DVD, DVD R/RW, CD, CD-R/RW, and ... Haier HLT15DC 15.6-Inch 720p Portable LCD TV, Black Haier HLT15DC 15.6-Inch 720p Portable LCD TV, Black 15.6-inch LCD TV; 720p HDTV with 1400 x 900 resolution; Dynamic contrast ratio 400 1Response time 16ms; Viewing ... Did you like this Share it Tweet [Translate] Posted in Televisions & Video Tags 13.3Inch , 1300LEDTV , 720p , Black , Combo , iview Hosa GPM-103 3.5mm TRS to 1/4 TRS Adaptor AO Safety/3M Tekk 91264 Professional Chemical Splash Goggle You can leave a response , or trackback from your own site. 5 Responses to iview 1300LEDTV 13.3-Inch 720p LCD TV DVD Combo Black JimKwdMO says February 10, 2012 at 15 36 2 of 2 people found the following review helpful Needed Help , January 22, 2012 By JimKwdMO Amazon Verified Purchase http //www.amazon.com/gp/community-help/amazon-verified-purchase\' , AmazonHelp , width 400,height 500,resizable 1,scrollbars 1,toolbar 0,status 1 ;return false; >What s this This review is from iview 1300LEDTV 13.3-Inch 720p LCD TV DVD Combo Black Electronics Bought this set sight unseen to sit on our kitchen table because the screen size seemed ideal and it is! The picture s fine as you would expect of an HDTV. Set-up was delayed because our cable end was not flexible enough to make the short right turn over the stand and into the set from the bottom. After many unsuccessful attempts to attach, I bought a five dollar 90 degree cable adapter from Radio Shack and that made the connection easy. My cable is u-verse rather than basic, so I found the manual directions for setting up cable channels did not work. Instead I set up to detect and store the regular TV channels, and the u-verse channels could then be found on channel three, and changed with the cable zapper. My cable remote could not come up with the code for the new set, so I called the support number on the manual and e-mailed the support site twice each, leaving messages asking for the four digit code to the remote. Never got a response. If anyone knows it please mention it in a review at this site; I d appreciate it! Until then we ve got the channels on the cable zapper and the volume on the TV remote. The DVD did not work using the direction in the manual to face the label toward the front of the set. We found an arrow on the side of the TV, positioned the DVD label toward the back of the set, and it works! I hope the earlier reviewer whose DVD wasn t working finds this and tries it. The sound of this TV is very weak and thin, like that of an old small transistor radio. Half the people on it sounded like they had lisps, there was so much buzz even with treble turned way down with the equalizer. I added a cheap pair of speakers $15 because of their small size and USB power, and the improvement was huge! The speakers attach to the earphone jack the only audio out and the USB connection at the bottom of the set. It took a lot of re-rigging but we re finally pretty happy with the set. Help other customers find the most helpful reviews Was this review helpful to you | Comment Log in to Reply William Korn says February 10, 2012 at 15 49 1 of 1 people found the following review helpful Junky little TV , February 4, 2012 By William Korn Longmont, CO USA Amazon Verified Purchase http //www.amazon.com/gp/community-help/amazon-verified-purchase\' , AmazonHelp , width 400,height 500,resizable 1,scrollbars 1,toolbar 0,status 1 ;return false; >What s this This review is from iview 1300LEDTV 13.3-Inch 720p LCD TV DVD Combo Black Electronics This television was a big disappointment. Bad picture, bad sound, bad controls. We returned the television and are very pleased with Amazon s return policies. Help other customers find the most helpful reviews Was this review helpful to you | Comment Log in to Reply JB says February 10, 2012 at 16 37 115 of 116 people found the following review helpful Few selections limited choices , July 16, 2010 By JB Amazon Verified Purchase http //www.amazon.com/gp/community-help/amazon-verified-purchase\' , AmazonHelp , width 400,height 500,resizable 1,scrollbars 1,toolbar 0,status 1 ;return false; >What s this This review is from Venturer KLV3915 15.4-Inch Undercabinet Kitchen LCD TV/DVD Combo Electronics I did my homework on these units. There are not many of these under counter all in one tvs left. So my score is in comparison to what is out there. Pros Big screen this is a nice feature as most units have much smaller screens Plays DVDs I have no problems with this feature Has good reception All my channels come in fairly good Cable TV/FM/AM Cheapest of all units with this screen size. Magnetic remote for the fridge. I have heard people complain about this feature because it is not strong enough to hold the remote up. I am guessing that is because they have a stainless steel fridge which has less magnetic for the most part in comparison to a standard metal finish. Cons Picture quality is not so great. I think this is because of the slow response time of the screen. I also noticed that the picture was much better when a HD signal was present. Selecting presets is difficult. This is by far the biggest issue for me. It is not easy to select your favorite channels. I have also noticed that selecting presets is done differently between the tv and the radio. When the timer is on I have not figured out a way to see it count down. So until it goes off you have no idea how much time is left. Remote does not make it across the room. I tested it and it goes about 10 feet. In reality how much farther will you view a 15 inch screen from You really need the remote to use this unit. I am sure there is a way to use the buttons on the unit but the remote is much easier. I Wish they would have done preselects on the unit. Summary Not a bad unit, but if picture is important to you then this is not the unit for you. I am not sure the other units are any better in fact most of these units look to come from the same design. I assume they have updated the screen for vendors like RCA but not sure. IF you are looking for a simple inexpensive unit that has a big screen then it is not a bad option. I have had the unit for 2 months and no problems yet. We watch the news every day while making dinner. Help other customers find the most helpful reviews Was this review helpful to you | Comments 6 Log in to Reply Nick Thorpe says February 10, 2012 at 17 15 89 of 90 people found the following review helpful Good product with a nice big screen for an under counter TV , January 21, 2010 By Nick Thorpe Coeur d Alene, ID Amazon Verified Purchase http //www.amazon.com/gp/community-help/amazon-verified-purchase\' , AmazonHelp , width 400,height 500,resizable 1,scrollbars 1,toolbar 0,status 1 ;return false; >What s this This review is from Venturer KLV3915 15.4-Inch Undercabinet Kitchen LCD TV/DVD Combo Electronics Nice big screen. No problems so far and have been using it about 6 weeks. I shopped and this was the best choice I could find for a TV/DVD/CD combo. Sound is loud enough although it could be a little higher fidelity when using as a CD player. It s a trade off worth making to be able to save the space and have a screen you can actually see from more than a foot away. I recommend it. Help other customers find the most helpful reviews Was this review helpful to you | Comment Log in to Reply K. miller "km" says February 10, 2012 at 17 24 52 of 53 people found the following review helpful solid space saver , May 9, 2010 By K. miller km Midwest Amazon Verified Purchase http //www.amazon.com/gp/community-help/amazon-verified-purchase\' , AmazonHelp , width 400,height 500,resizable 1,scrollbars 1,toolbar 0,status 1 ;return false; >What s this This review is from Venturer KLV3915 15.4-Inch Undercabinet Kitchen LCD TV/DVD Combo Electronics this replaced a slightly larger screen my sons insisted on twisting everytime the went to the kitchen table every 2 or 3 days I d have to push it back to protect it from falling onto the floor. The Venturer screen is the largest I ve seen. The 270 degree swivel means it can go to either side even though it turned opposite the way we usually watch it, getting it face on to the table left of the screen as we look at it from the front is no problem. Picture quality and sound are great. DVD is built in, & works without problem. I have only 2 even minor issues 1st CAUTION when installing our cabinet was shallow enough there was nearly not enough room to fix it in place I had to drill a 2nd set of holes 1/2 forward of where the paper template said holes should be drilled, so PUT THE UNIT UP BEFORE YOU DRILL TO MAKE SURE IT FITS!!! 2nd the remote IR sensor is at the front of the unit including when the screen is turned left or right. We have at times found it impossible to change the station or volume from where we were sitting a mirror on the fridge has helped in our case. All in all, it was a great investment saves us counter space, is better protected than the set it replaced, & went up without a real hitch of significance. Help other customers find the most helpful reviews Was this review helpful to you | Comment Log in to Reply Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. You must be logged in to post a comment. RSS Subscription! Follow me! Subscribe Through Email Enter your email address Latest Products You Little Devil! Hot & Sweet Snack Valentine s Gift Basket with Teddy Bear Champion Sports Soccer Linesman Official Checkered Flag Reviews Bayer Advantage II Red 6-Month Flea Control for Dogs 21-55 lbs. Puma Men s Future Cat Remix 2 SF Ferrari Fashion Sneaker Thermoderm 4 Ounce Lotion Provide Fast-acting, Deep-penetrating, Pain-relieving Warmth for Muscle Sprains and Strains, Sore Stiff Muscles, Bursitis and Tendonitis, Arthritis and Joint Pain Recent Reviews Nazira Abdukhalilova on North States Supergate Top-Notch Gate Anonymous on Pure Fun Trampoline Ladder Black Lisa K. "Preemie Mom" on North States Supergate Top-Notch Gate W. Ballard on Polk Audio Monitor 30 AM3025-A 2-Way Bookshelf Speakers Pair, Black psyki on Little Giant PCP550 Pool Cover Pump Popular Keywords Acoustic Black Blue Bluray Book Cable Card Case Combo Deluxe Desktop Digital Download Drive Edition Electric Guitar Home iPhone iPod Keyboard Kindle Laptop Light Memory Men\'s Music Pack Piano Portable Reviews Saga Series Silver Size Stand Strap System Touch Twilight Watch White Wireless Women\'s Yamaha Presented by Consumer Tale - Shop With Ease Powered by ConsumerTale.Com English Afrikaans catal esky Cymraeg dansk Deutsch espa ol eesti suomi fran ais Gaeilge galego hrvatski magyar bahasa Indonesia slenska italiano lietuvi latvie u bahasa Melayu Malti Nederlands norsk polski portugu s rom n sloven ina sloven ina shqipe svenska Kiswahili Filipino T rk e ti ng Vi t powered by')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00974', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Home Fight For Consumer Rights Sell Your Products Contact Us Privacy Home Apparel Audiobooks Beauty & Makeup Blu-Ray Books Building Supplies Camera Cell Phones & Accessories Children\'s Books Computer Accessories & Peripherals Computer Parts & Components Desktops & Servers DVD Electronics Gourmet Food Grocery Hardware Health & Personal Care Home Audio & Theater Home Improvement Instant Videos Jewelry Kindle Store Kitchen & Bath Fixtures Lamps & Light Fixtures Laptops Magazines MP3 Downloads MP3 Players & Accessories Music Musical Instruments Office & School Supplies Pet Supplies Photo & Video Power & Hand Tools Printers & Ink Shoes Software Sporting & Outdoors Tablets & Netbooks Televisions & Video Toys & Baby Valentine\'s Day Gifts Video Games Watches Categories Apparel Audiobooks Beauty & Makeup Blu-Ray Books Building Supplies Camera Cell Phones & Accessories Children\'s Books Computer Accessories & Peripherals Computer Parts & Components Desktops & Servers DVD Electronics Gourmet Food Grocery Hardware Health & Personal Care Home Audio & Theater Home Improvement Instant Videos Jewelry Kindle Store Kitchen & Bath Fixtures Lamps & Light Fixtures Laptops Magazines MP3 Downloads MP3 Players & Accessories Music Musical Instruments Office & School Supplies Pet Supplies Photo & Video Power & Hand Tools Printers & Ink Shoes Software Sporting & Outdoors Tablets & Netbooks Televisions & Video Toys & Baby Valentine\'s Day Gifts Video Games Watches Make The Most Of Your Time On Earth 1000 Ultimate Travel Experiences Rough Guides Posted by consumer on February 10th, 2012 Make The Most Of Your Time On Earth 1000 Ultimate Travel Experiences Rough Guides Perfect for both the seasoned traveller and the armchair dreamer, this book brings you the very best travel experiences extraordinary landscapes, jaw-dropping architecture, white-knuckle adventures and tranquil hangouts. Want adventure Try trekking to the source of the Ganges or exploring the lost island cities of Mozambique. Looking for an unusual place to stay How about sleeping in a yurt in Inner Mongolia or an old prison in Latvia For amazing wildlife, why not look for lemurs in Madagascar or spy dinosaur prints in Bolivia And don t forget the world s most spectacular parties, including the Gnaoua festival in Morocco or Trinidad Carnival. Whether you want to ponder art in Melbourne or eat eels in the Neretva Delta, there s all manner of travel experiences to keep those feet itching. Make the Most of Your Time on Earth the very best things to see or do, and not before you die, but now. List Price $ 29.99 Price $ 15.25 Products Related to Make The Most Of Your Time On Earth 1000 Ultimate Travel Experiences Rough Guides Once in a Lifetime Trips The World s 50 Most Extraordinary and Memorable Travel Experiences Once in a Lifetime Trips The World\'s 50 Most Extraordinary and Memorable Travel Experiences Book Description Fly-fish in the virgin waters of the Chilean fjords, ... Where To Go When Eyewitness Travel Guides Where To Go When Eyewitness Travel Guides Answering the difficult questions that today\'s adventurous travelers ask-where\'s the best place for a beach holiday in March ... How to Travel Full Time How to Travel Full Time #1 in Kindle Store > Kindle eBooks > Nonfiction > Travel > Specialty Travel > Tips#1 in Books > Travel ... Secret Journeys of a Lifetime 500 of the World s Best Hidden Travel Gems National Geographic Secret Journeys of a Lifetime 500 of the World\'s Best Hidden Travel Gems National Geographic The latest in the highly successful Journeys of a Lifetime ... Planet Earth Six-Disc Special Edition [Blu-ray] Planet Earth Six-Disc Special Edition [Blu-ray] The best-selling factual series of all time is now even better! Planet Earth took the world by storm when ... Did you like this Share it Tweet [Translate] Posted in Audiobooks Tags 1000 , Earth , Experiences , Guides , Most , Rough , Time , Travel , Ultimate Gibson Gear PRHK-010 Electric Guitar Part Chicago Tribune You can leave a response , or trackback from your own site. 3 Responses to Make The Most Of Your Time On Earth 1000 Ultimate Travel Experiences Rough Guides Luanne Ollivier says February 10, 2012 at 15 46 3 of 3 people found the following review helpful For real planning or for dreaming , March 11, 2011 By Luanne Ollivier This review is from Make The Most Of Your Time On Earth 1000 Ultimate Travel Experiences Rough Guides Paperback I just love this cover that little red and yellow micro bus just calls out Get in and let s go find an adventure ! When younger, more adventurous or those seeking a different agenda for their trip come into the library looking for travel books, I try to put a Rough Guide in their hands. Why From editor James Smart When we started writing Rough Guides we wanted to share the kind of travel we had been doing ourselves. We wanted to push travel a bit further, inspiring our readers to get away from the established routes, even if that meant getting lost occasionally, and seek something that little bit more special and authentic in short, to settle for nothing less than an ultimate travel experience. Well, Make the Most of Your Time on Earth has detailed 1000 of those unique travel experiences. Thirty years of Rough Guide writers personal recommendations are included, with 200 new additions in this 2nd edition. And indeed, the world is covered! I ve been reading this book off and on for a couple of months now. The fold out front cover has a colour coded legend to the geographical areas. The bottom right corner of the pages have that same colour block, allowing you to flip quickly to a certain section. A map begins every section I must admit, I read in no particular order, I just jumped to whatever grabbed my interest. Full colour photographs punctuate the descriptions. The writing style is informal and breezy, reflecting the overall tone of the book. Each chapter ends with a Need to Know page that includes phone numbers and web addresses for the attractions listed. A Good to Know page includes general facts about that particular region, as well as interesting notes about etiquette, quotes and odd facts. There s only one country in the world with a three dollar bill answer at the end of the post! The focus of each experience can vary greatly. Sometimes it s the scenery, the culture, wildlife, nightlife, festivals, sport, food, adventures and the unusual. Booklovers might want to visit Hay-on-Wye in Wales where the ratio of bookstores to humans is 40 1! It s been estimated that there are over a million books in this tiny town. I discovered countries I had not heard of before. The smallest nation in Africa is Sao Tome and Principe home to some of the best chocolate coca beans the world produces. I was thrilled to see that I had done many of the things listed in the Canadian section I ve skated on the Rideau Canal, been to the Calgary Stampede, cruised Georgian Bay, seen Niagara Falls many times and a few more. I m hoping to travel to the East Coast this year and there were lots of suggestions for that side of the country. There was just so much to see and read about. Our world truly is amazing. Make the Most of Your Time on Earth does a fantastic job of showcasing 1000 things to see and do. Great reading for the avid traveller armchair or otherwise. That three dollar bill Found only in Roratonga! Help other customers find the most helpful reviews Was this review helpful to you | Comment Log in to Reply KC says February 10, 2012 at 16 09 1 of 1 people found the following review helpful Great Book for the Travel Hungry! , December 30, 2010 By KC This review is from Make The Most Of Your Time On Earth 1000 Ultimate Travel Experiences Rough Guides Paperback I love this book I got it as a present and think it is a great starting point for my future adventures. There is a lot of information here and it is broken up both by region of the world and by the activity in that region. Keep in mind that this book doesn t specifically say go to Belize and do this through this company and here s their website. Instead it is the authors talking about the most amazing experiences they have had and you are going to have to do the leg work of researching the destination, plane tickets, travel companies, etc. This isn t an all-inclusive guide that tells you exactly what to do, it is more of a jumping off point to see which adventures pique your interest and going from there. Help other customers find the most helpful reviews Was this review helpful to you | Comment Log in to Reply Anonymous says February 10, 2012 at 16 46 Make the most of your time on earth! , November 30, 2010 By scoot scoot122 Delaware Amazon Verified Purchase http //www.amazon.com/gp/community-help/amazon-verified-purchase\' , AmazonHelp , width 400,height 500,resizable 1,scrollbars 1,toolbar 0,status 1 ;return false; >What s this This review is from Make The Most Of Your Time On Earth 1000 Ultimate Travel Experiences Rough Guides Paperback This book is great! Lots of wonderful pictures. It gives a place and then a short 1 page of information about that place. It s enough to tweak your interest and see if that will be a future travel destination. Help other customers find the most helpful reviews Was this review helpful to you | Comment Log in to Reply Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. You must be logged in to post a comment. RSS Subscription! Follow me! Subscribe Through Email Enter your email address Latest Products You Little Devil! Hot & Sweet Snack Valentine s Gift Basket with Teddy Bear Champion Sports Soccer Linesman Official Checkered Flag Reviews Bayer Advantage II Red 6-Month Flea Control for Dogs 21-55 lbs. Puma Men s Future Cat Remix 2 SF Ferrari Fashion Sneaker Thermoderm 4 Ounce Lotion Provide Fast-acting, Deep-penetrating, Pain-relieving Warmth for Muscle Sprains and Strains, Sore Stiff Muscles, Bursitis and Tendonitis, Arthritis and Joint Pain Recent Reviews Nazira Abdukhalilova on North States Supergate Top-Notch Gate Anonymous on Pure Fun Trampoline Ladder Black Lisa K. "Preemie Mom" on North States Supergate Top-Notch Gate W. Ballard on Polk Audio Monitor 30 AM3025-A 2-Way Bookshelf Speakers Pair, Black psyki on Little Giant PCP550 Pool Cover Pump Popular Keywords Acoustic Black Blue Bluray Book Cable Card Case Combo Deluxe Desktop Digital Download Drive Edition Electric Guitar Home iPhone iPod Keyboard Kindle Laptop Light Memory Men\'s Music Pack Piano Portable Reviews Saga Series Silver Size Stand Strap System Touch Twilight Watch White Wireless Women\'s Yamaha Presented by Consumer Tale - Shop With Ease Powered by ConsumerTale.Com English Afrikaans catal esky Cymraeg dansk Deutsch espa ol eesti suomi fran ais Gaeilge galego hrvatski magyar bahasa Indonesia slenska italiano lietuvi latvie u bahasa Melayu Malti Nederlands norsk polski portugu s rom n sloven ina sloven ina shqipe svenska Kiswahili Filipino T rk e ti ng Vi t powered by')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00975', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Home Fight For Consumer Rights Sell Your Products Contact Us Privacy Home Apparel Audiobooks Beauty & Makeup Blu-Ray Books Building Supplies Camera Cell Phones & Accessories Children\'s Books Computer Accessories & Peripherals Computer Parts & Components Desktops & Servers DVD Electronics Gourmet Food Grocery Hardware Health & Personal Care Home Audio & Theater Home Improvement Instant Videos Jewelry Kindle Store Kitchen & Bath Fixtures Lamps & Light Fixtures Laptops Magazines MP3 Downloads MP3 Players & Accessories Music Musical Instruments Office & School Supplies Pet Supplies Photo & Video Power & Hand Tools Printers & Ink Shoes Software Sporting & Outdoors Tablets & Netbooks Televisions & Video Toys & Baby Valentine\'s Day Gifts Video Games Watches Categories Apparel Audiobooks Beauty & Makeup Blu-Ray Books Building Supplies Camera Cell Phones & Accessories Children\'s Books Computer Accessories & Peripherals Computer Parts & Components Desktops & Servers DVD Electronics Gourmet Food Grocery Hardware Health & Personal Care Home Audio & Theater Home Improvement Instant Videos Jewelry Kindle Store Kitchen & Bath Fixtures Lamps & Light Fixtures Laptops Magazines MP3 Downloads MP3 Players & Accessories Music Musical Instruments Office & School Supplies Pet Supplies Photo & Video Power & Hand Tools Printers & Ink Shoes Software Sporting & Outdoors Tablets & Netbooks Televisions & Video Toys & Baby Valentine\'s Day Gifts Video Games Watches Nuts About You! Valentine s Day Gift Basket Posted by consumer on February 10th, 2012 Nuts About You! Valentine s Day Gift Basket Tell him you re nuts about him with this unique themed Valentine gift basket. Includes a great assortment of nutty chocolates and candy, gourmet almonds, and Peanut Roasters Hot Honeys . A unique, thoughtful gift that is perfect for your guy this Valentine s Day! Dim 16 L x 12 W x 8 H Only .99 for UPS Ground Shipping! Tell him you re nuts about him with this unique themed Valentine gift basket. Includes a great assortment of nutty chocolates and candy, gourmet almonds, and Peanut Roasters Hot Honeys . Features Godiva Milk Chocolate Covered Cashews Tote Gift Box and Brown & Haley Cashew Roca Buttercrunch Candy. A unique, thoughtful gift that is perfect for your guy this Valentine s Day! List Price $ 49.99 Price $ 49.99 Products Related to Nuts About You! Valentine\'s Day Gift Basket Broadway Basketeers Gourmet Chocolate Gift Tower Valentines Day Broadway Basketeers Gourmet Chocolate Gift Tower - Valentines Day The Gourmet Chocolate Gift Tower opens up to reveal 5 gift boxesGift boxes are filled with ... Love Bug Chocolate and Candy Gift Basket Love Bug Chocolate and Candy Gift Basket Let our plush and adorable love bug deliver your message in this sweet candy bouquetSend this delightful gift ... I m Toad-ally Yours! Valentines Day Chocolate and Candy Gift Basket Reviews I\'m Toad-ally Yours! Valentines Day Chocolate and Candy Gift Basket Nothing says "I\'m Toad-ally Yours!" like this Prince Charming themed gift basket designed to win ... California Valentine s Day Chocolate Caramel and Crunch Grand Gift Basket Reviews California Valentine\'s Day Chocolate Caramel and Crunch Grand Gift Basket Free Shipping on All Golden State Fruit products delivers same week when orders are placed ... Broadway Basketeers Gourmet Chocolate Christmas Gift Assortment Broadway Basketeers Gourmet Chocolate Christmas Gift Assortment Makes a great gift for someone special; Whatever the occasion or reason, this gift basket is sure to ... Did you like this Share it Tweet [Translate] Posted in Valentine\'s Day Gifts Tags About , Basket , Gift , Nuts , Valentines Paintball Xtreme Rage Xray Single Lens Anti-Fog Mask TwiLITE A Parody You can leave a response , or trackback from your own site. Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. You must be logged in to post a comment. RSS Subscription! Follow me! Subscribe Through Email Enter your email address Latest Products You Little Devil! Hot & Sweet Snack Valentine s Gift Basket with Teddy Bear Champion Sports Soccer Linesman Official Checkered Flag Reviews Bayer Advantage II Red 6-Month Flea Control for Dogs 21-55 lbs. Puma Men s Future Cat Remix 2 SF Ferrari Fashion Sneaker Thermoderm 4 Ounce Lotion Provide Fast-acting, Deep-penetrating, Pain-relieving Warmth for Muscle Sprains and Strains, Sore Stiff Muscles, Bursitis and Tendonitis, Arthritis and Joint Pain Recent Reviews Nazira Abdukhalilova on North States Supergate Top-Notch Gate Anonymous on Pure Fun Trampoline Ladder Black Lisa K. "Preemie Mom" on North States Supergate Top-Notch Gate W. Ballard on Polk Audio Monitor 30 AM3025-A 2-Way Bookshelf Speakers Pair, Black psyki on Little Giant PCP550 Pool Cover Pump Popular Keywords Acoustic Black Blue Bluray Book Cable Card Case Combo Deluxe Desktop Digital Download Drive Edition Electric Guitar Home iPhone iPod Keyboard Kindle Laptop Light Memory Men\'s Music Pack Piano Portable Reviews Saga Series Silver Size Stand Strap System Touch Twilight Watch White Wireless Women\'s Yamaha Presented by Consumer Tale - Shop With Ease Powered by ConsumerTale.Com English Afrikaans catal esky Cymraeg dansk Deutsch espa ol eesti suomi fran ais Gaeilge galego hrvatski magyar bahasa Indonesia slenska italiano lietuvi latvie u bahasa Melayu Malti Nederlands norsk polski portugu s rom n sloven ina sloven ina shqipe svenska Kiswahili Filipino T rk e ti ng Vi t powered by')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00976', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Home Fight For Consumer Rights Sell Your Products Contact Us Privacy Home Apparel Audiobooks Beauty & Makeup Blu-Ray Books Building Supplies Camera Cell Phones & Accessories Children\'s Books Computer Accessories & Peripherals Computer Parts & Components Desktops & Servers DVD Electronics Gourmet Food Grocery Hardware Health & Personal Care Home Audio & Theater Home Improvement Instant Videos Jewelry Kindle Store Kitchen & Bath Fixtures Lamps & Light Fixtures Laptops Magazines MP3 Downloads MP3 Players & Accessories Music Musical Instruments Office & School Supplies Pet Supplies Photo & Video Power & Hand Tools Printers & Ink Shoes Software Sporting & Outdoors Tablets & Netbooks Televisions & Video Toys & Baby Valentine\'s Day Gifts Video Games Watches Categories Apparel Audiobooks Beauty & Makeup Blu-Ray Books Building Supplies Camera Cell Phones & Accessories Children\'s Books Computer Accessories & Peripherals Computer Parts & Components Desktops & Servers DVD Electronics Gourmet Food Grocery Hardware Health & Personal Care Home Audio & Theater Home Improvement Instant Videos Jewelry Kindle Store Kitchen & Bath Fixtures Lamps & Light Fixtures Laptops Magazines MP3 Downloads MP3 Players & Accessories Music Musical Instruments Office & School Supplies Pet Supplies Photo & Video Power & Hand Tools Printers & Ink Shoes Software Sporting & Outdoors Tablets & Netbooks Televisions & Video Toys & Baby Valentine\'s Day Gifts Video Games Watches Paintball Xtreme Rage Xray Single Lens Anti-Fog Mask Posted by consumer on February 10th, 2012 Paintball Xtreme Rage Xray Single Lens Anti-Fog Mask Single clear lens Sweat-absorbing foam Hard mask Plastic lens clip Built-in browser Features Wide 260 degree + vision Exclusive hi-tech anti-fog coating Hi-Flow natural ventilation system for improved user comfort and reduced fogging High level of protection and coverage Specially designed to fit small through large head sizes True OTG Over The Glass design High quality comfortable twin layer hypoallergenic face foam One-year warranty Comes complete with adjustable visor Meets or exceeds all ASTM standards List Price $ 28.99 Price $ 18.95 Tippmann Low Profile Bulk Cyclone Hopper Built-in Cyclone Feed system eliminates need for electronic loader Patented Response Trigger or the new selector switch e-grip Battle ready out of the box Field strips in less than 60 seconds Fits all Tippmann Markers with Cyclone Feed The A-5 continues to deliver on speed and toughness. With a built-in Cyclone Feed system there is no need to add the expense or hassle of an electronic loader. for added speed we offer the patented Response Trigger or the new selector switch e-grip. Battle ready out of the box, the A-5 is renowned for its appearance, and if needed can easily be field stripped in less than 60 seconds. The A-5 continues to offer tremendous value and is the standard to beat for reliability and customization.Built to deliver speed and toughness, this low profile hopper from Tippmann features a built-in Cyclone Feed system that eliminates the need for an electronic loader. The hopper is equipped with the patented Response Trigger or the new selector switch e-grip for added speed. Battle ready out of the box, the hopper is noted for its appearance, and can easily be field stripped in less than 60 seconds. List Price $ 14.95 Price $ 6.00 Related Paintball Products Products Related to Paintball Xtreme Rage Xray Single Lens Anti-Fog Mask Pure Energy 20oz CO2 Tank graphic may vary Reviews Pure Energy 20oz CO2 Tank graphic may vary CO2 tank ideal for all levels of paintball playEnsures consistent recharge rate for maximum efficiencyRecessed Pure Energy ... Stanley GR20K Trigger Feed Hot Melt Glue Gun Kit Stanley GR20K Trigger Feed Hot Melt Glue Gun Kit Trigger feed mechanism controls flow of glueHeats up quicklyBonds in 60 secondsStandard hot-melt dual temperature glue ... Iphone 4G Video Game Steering Wheel With Builtin Speakers Iphone 4G Video Game Steering Wheel With Builtin Speakers Output Power RDMS 4W 2W+2W THD-10%SNR 80dBSpeaker 2x 27mm Speaker. magnetic resistant 4ohmsPower supply 3.7v 800,A Li-ion ... Canon EOS Rebel T3 12.2 MP CMOS Digital SLR with 18-55mm IS II Lens and EOS HD Movie Mode Black Canon EOS Rebel T3 12.2 MP CMOS Digital SLR with 18-55mm IS II Lens and EOS HD Movie Mode Black 12.2 MP CMOS sensor and ... GXG Army Swat Paintball Airsoft Tactical Vest Camo GXG Army Swat Paintball Airsoft Tactical Vest Camo GXG Vest Features Hydration Unit Sleeve - Zippered sleeve to place a hydration bladder upto 70oz, sold separately Removable ... Did you like this Share it Tweet [Translate] Posted in Sporting & Outdoors Tags AntiFog , Lens , Mask , Paintball , Rage , Single , Xray , Xtreme BLACK Big Button clicker with wrist band for Clicker training click and train dog, cat, horse, pets Nuts About You! Valentine s Day Gift Basket You can leave a response , or trackback from your own site. 6 Responses to Paintball Xtreme Rage Xray Single Lens Anti-Fog Mask garyz says February 10, 2012 at 17 50 65 of 65 people found the following review helpful AWESOME MASK!!!! , July 11, 2010 By garyz Amazon Verified Purchase http //www.amazon.com/gp/community-help/amazon-verified-purchase\' , AmazonHelp , width 400,height 500,resizable 1,scrollbars 1,toolbar 0,status 1 ;return false; >What s this This review is from Paintball Xtreme Rage Xray Single Lens Anti-Fog Mask Misc. I recently bought this paintball mask and i read a lot of reviews on it before i bought it, some people said it fogged and some said it didn t, some don t like to look of the mask or other petty personal opinion dislikes. I am writing this review on the performance of the mask only not the looks. I live in St.Louis and it is a very muggy humid city, the first day I used this mask it was over 90 degrees and very humid and I was playing woodsball and doing a lot of running and sliding and dodging. So first I would like to say that this mask DID NOT FOG AT ALL, I am 28 years old and i wear glasses and this mask was comfortable and felt nice, I almost didn t even know I was wearing it, I had no problems with any features of this mask AT ALL. Bottom line this is an all around GREAT mask and I would recommend it to anyone that is looking for a great mask that fits good, fits very good over glasses if you trim the foam it fits better then if you don t looks good, does not fog, and doesn t cost an arm and a leg, so in short BUY THIS MASK!! Its AWESOME!!!! Help other customers find the most helpful reviews Was this review helpful to you | Comments 4 Log in to Reply Kevin J. Lang "Hard Nose Jerk" says February 10, 2012 at 17 52 43 of 44 people found the following review helpful I can see clearly now! , July 31, 2007 By Kevin J. Lang Hard Nose Jerk Boston, MA Amazon Verified Purchase http //www.amazon.com/gp/community-help/amazon-verified-purchase\' , AmazonHelp , width 400,height 500,resizable 1,scrollbars 1,toolbar 0,status 1 ;return false; >What s this I used to rent the goggles at the fields but WOW buying your own pair is DEFINITELY worth the money when you have people shooting at you and you can SEE them, priceless. These goggles have a large viewable range on the lens and it doesn t fog up very easy at all. It is comfortable and has proven its durability. For a beginner, these are perfect. Help other customers find the most helpful reviews Was this review helpful to you | Comment Log in to Reply Anonymous "tapeworm" says February 10, 2012 at 18 24 10 of 10 people found the following review helpful good mask , September 18, 2007 By Anonymous tapeworm Amazon Verified Purchase http //www.amazon.com/gp/community-help/amazon-verified-purchase\' , AmazonHelp , width 400,height 500,resizable 1,scrollbars 1,toolbar 0,status 1 ;return false; >What s this pros flexible, durable hard plastic. excellent view with no fogging. cons the foam pinches the nose a little bit so i basically have to breathe through my mouth. need to find a way to fix that. Help other customers find the most helpful reviews Was this review helpful to you | Comment Log in to Reply Shereen Lobdell "specopspaintballer" says February 10, 2012 at 18 49 5 of 5 people found the following review helpful THEY WILL SEE YOUR HEAD BEFORE YOUR HOPPER!! , November 30, 2009 By Shereen Lobdell specopspaintballer Las Vegas, NM USA Amazon Verified Purchase http //www.amazon.com/gp/community-help/amazon-verified-purchase\' , AmazonHelp , width 400,height 500,resizable 1,scrollbars 1,toolbar 0,status 1 ;return false; >What s this This review is from Tippmann Low Profile Bulk Cyclone Hopper Sports The standard tippmann A-5 is big and bulky and is hard to see around when shooting and usually the biggest thing that gets shot at other than your head. The low profile hopper is great because it eliminates both of those problems it s rectangular in shape and sits way lower to the gun unblocking your iron sights. it also holds the same amount as the stock hopper maybe even a couple more. this hopper is great if your looking to be more efficient on the battle feild and if you want your gun to look good Help other customers find the most helpful reviews Was this review helpful to you | Comment Log in to Reply La Chicho says February 10, 2012 at 19 14 11 of 14 people found the following review helpful Great hopper!! , February 3, 2009 By La Chicho Jacksonville, NC This review is from Tippmann Low Profile Bulk Cyclone Hopper Sports This came with my A5. In comparison to a standard gravity hopper, this thing is awesome!! Your marker actually feels like a gun without a bulky plastic thing on top. Very durable and rugged. The mouth is wide and the lid stays on securely. The low profile greatly reduces exposure during play. I love it!! Help other customers find the most helpful reviews Was this review helpful to you | Comments 3 Log in to Reply A. Tomaszewski "JerseyTrustCO" says February 10, 2012 at 19 24 3 of 3 people found the following review helpful Ohhhhh yaaaaaaaaaa , April 26, 2010 By A. Tomaszewski JerseyTrustCO Las Vegas Amazon Verified Purchase http //www.amazon.com/gp/community-help/amazon-verified-purchase\' , AmazonHelp , width 400,height 500,resizable 1,scrollbars 1,toolbar 0,status 1 ;return false; >What s this This review is from Tippmann Low Profile Bulk Cyclone Hopper Sports Im going all milsim so when I saw this bad boy i couldnt resist. I got the tippman cyclone feeder so i could use this, i didnt kno the cyclone feeder came with a hopper from tippman but comparing this hopper to the tippman one this one looks alot more sexy. Only reason i didnt give it 5 stars is because the lid doesnt snap open, just kind of floats open but its no big deal. I dont think this is an actual Tippman hopper but still its really a good deal. Help other customers find the most helpful reviews Was this review helpful to you | Comment 1 Log in to Reply Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. You must be logged in to post a comment. RSS Subscription! Follow me! Subscribe Through Email Enter your email address Latest Products You Little Devil! Hot & Sweet Snack Valentine s Gift Basket with Teddy Bear Champion Sports Soccer Linesman Official Checkered Flag Reviews Bayer Advantage II Red 6-Month Flea Control for Dogs 21-55 lbs. Puma Men s Future Cat Remix 2 SF Ferrari Fashion Sneaker Thermoderm 4 Ounce Lotion Provide Fast-acting, Deep-penetrating, Pain-relieving Warmth for Muscle Sprains and Strains, Sore Stiff Muscles, Bursitis and Tendonitis, Arthritis and Joint Pain Recent Reviews Nazira Abdukhalilova on North States Supergate Top-Notch Gate Anonymous on Pure Fun Trampoline Ladder Black Lisa K. "Preemie Mom" on North States Supergate Top-Notch Gate W. Ballard on Polk Audio Monitor 30 AM3025-A 2-Way Bookshelf Speakers Pair, Black psyki on Little Giant PCP550 Pool Cover Pump Popular Keywords Acoustic Black Blue Bluray Book Cable Card Case Combo Deluxe Desktop Digital Download Drive Edition Electric Guitar Home iPhone iPod Keyboard Kindle Laptop Light Memory Men\'s Music Pack Piano Portable Reviews Saga Series Silver Size Stand Strap System Touch Twilight Watch White Wireless Women\'s Yamaha Presented by Consumer Tale - Shop With Ease Powered by ConsumerTale.Com English Afrikaans catal esky Cymraeg dansk Deutsch espa ol eesti suomi fran ais Gaeilge galego hrvatski magyar bahasa Indonesia slenska italiano lietuvi latvie u bahasa Melayu Malti Nederlands norsk polski portugu s rom n sloven ina sloven ina shqipe svenska Kiswahili Filipino T rk e ti ng Vi t powered by')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00977', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Home Fight For Consumer Rights Sell Your Products Contact Us Privacy Home Apparel Audiobooks Beauty & Makeup Blu-Ray Books Building Supplies Camera Cell Phones & Accessories Children\'s Books Computer Accessories & Peripherals Computer Parts & Components Desktops & Servers DVD Electronics Gourmet Food Grocery Hardware Health & Personal Care Home Audio & Theater Home Improvement Instant Videos Jewelry Kindle Store Kitchen & Bath Fixtures Lamps & Light Fixtures Laptops Magazines MP3 Downloads MP3 Players & Accessories Music Musical Instruments Office & School Supplies Pet Supplies Photo & Video Power & Hand Tools Printers & Ink Shoes Software Sporting & Outdoors Tablets & Netbooks Televisions & Video Toys & Baby Valentine\'s Day Gifts Video Games Watches Categories Apparel Audiobooks Beauty & Makeup Blu-Ray Books Building Supplies Camera Cell Phones & Accessories Children\'s Books Computer Accessories & Peripherals Computer Parts & Components Desktops & Servers DVD Electronics Gourmet Food Grocery Hardware Health & Personal Care Home Audio & Theater Home Improvement Instant Videos Jewelry Kindle Store Kitchen & Bath Fixtures Lamps & Light Fixtures Laptops Magazines MP3 Downloads MP3 Players & Accessories Music Musical Instruments Office & School Supplies Pet Supplies Photo & Video Power & Hand Tools Printers & Ink Shoes Software Sporting & Outdoors Tablets & Netbooks Televisions & Video Toys & Baby Valentine\'s Day Gifts Video Games Watches The Big Bang Theory Soft Kitty Song Girls T-Shirt Posted by consumer on February 10th, 2012 The Big Bang Theory Soft Kitty Song Girls T-Shirt 100% cotton Wash cold; dry low Imported Listed in junior sizes Soft kitty, Warm kitty, Little ball of fur. Happy kitty, Sleepy kitty, Purr, purr, purr. Price Products Related to The Big Bang Theory Soft Kitty Song Girls T-Shirt Hello Kitty Handbag Hello Kitty Handbag Style Shoulder/handbagMaterial leather likecolor black also available in White please email me for white color Size 43cm L x 30cm H x 10cm W Strap Length ... Hello Kitty Juniors Embroidered Rainbow Fuzzy Babba Slipper Socks Reviews Hello Kitty Juniors Embroidered Rainbow Fuzzy Babba Slipper Socks Look cute and keep warm in these amazing slipper socksThese adorable slipper socks will make all ... Hello Kitty CD Karaoke System with Screen Pink/ White 68109 Hello Kitty CD Karaoke System with Screen - Pink/ White 68109 5 inch black and white Monitor measured diagonally Front Loading CD/CD + G Graphics Player20 ... Premier Pet Come with me Kitty Harness Medium Royal Blue Reviews Premier Pet Come with me Kitty Harness Medium Royal Blue Medium-size nylon harness and bungee leash for catsSternum slide adjusts to ensure a perfect fitSafe ... K&H Thermo-Kitty Heated Cat Bed, 16-Inch, Sage Reviews K&H Thermo-Kitty Heated Cat Bed, 16-Inch, Sage Soft, comfortable heated pet bed for indoor useUses dual-thermostat unit to raise temperature 15 degrees above air temperatureRemovable ... Did you like this Share it Tweet [Translate] Posted in Apparel Tags Bang , Girls , Kitty , Soft , Song , Theory , TShirt AO Safety/3M Tekk 91264 Professional Chemical Splash Goggle Dr. Brown s BPA Free Polypropylene Natural Flow Standard Neck Bottle, 4 oz 3-Pack You can leave a response , or trackback from your own site. Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. You must be logged in to post a comment. RSS Subscription! Follow me! Subscribe Through Email Enter your email address Latest Products You Little Devil! Hot & Sweet Snack Valentine s Gift Basket with Teddy Bear Champion Sports Soccer Linesman Official Checkered Flag Reviews Bayer Advantage II Red 6-Month Flea Control for Dogs 21-55 lbs. Puma Men s Future Cat Remix 2 SF Ferrari Fashion Sneaker Thermoderm 4 Ounce Lotion Provide Fast-acting, Deep-penetrating, Pain-relieving Warmth for Muscle Sprains and Strains, Sore Stiff Muscles, Bursitis and Tendonitis, Arthritis and Joint Pain Recent Reviews Nazira Abdukhalilova on North States Supergate Top-Notch Gate Anonymous on Pure Fun Trampoline Ladder Black Lisa K. "Preemie Mom" on North States Supergate Top-Notch Gate W. Ballard on Polk Audio Monitor 30 AM3025-A 2-Way Bookshelf Speakers Pair, Black psyki on Little Giant PCP550 Pool Cover Pump Popular Keywords Acoustic Black Blue Bluray Book Cable Card Case Combo Deluxe Desktop Digital Download Drive Edition Electric Guitar Home iPhone iPod Keyboard Kindle Laptop Light Memory Men\'s Music Pack Piano Portable Reviews Saga Series Silver Size Stand Strap System Touch Twilight Watch White Wireless Women\'s Yamaha Presented by Consumer Tale - Shop With Ease Powered by ConsumerTale.Com English Afrikaans catal esky Cymraeg dansk Deutsch espa ol eesti suomi fran ais Gaeilge galego hrvatski magyar bahasa Indonesia slenska italiano lietuvi latvie u bahasa Melayu Malti Nederlands norsk polski portugu s rom n sloven ina sloven ina shqipe svenska Kiswahili Filipino T rk e ti ng Vi t powered by')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00978', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Home Fight For Consumer Rights Sell Your Products Contact Us Privacy Home Apparel Audiobooks Beauty & Makeup Blu-Ray Books Building Supplies Camera Cell Phones & Accessories Children\'s Books Computer Accessories & Peripherals Computer Parts & Components Desktops & Servers DVD Electronics Gourmet Food Grocery Hardware Health & Personal Care Home Audio & Theater Home Improvement Instant Videos Jewelry Kindle Store Kitchen & Bath Fixtures Lamps & Light Fixtures Laptops Magazines MP3 Downloads MP3 Players & Accessories Music Musical Instruments Office & School Supplies Pet Supplies Photo & Video Power & Hand Tools Printers & Ink Shoes Software Sporting & Outdoors Tablets & Netbooks Televisions & Video Toys & Baby Valentine\'s Day Gifts Video Games Watches Categories Apparel Audiobooks Beauty & Makeup Blu-Ray Books Building Supplies Camera Cell Phones & Accessories Children\'s Books Computer Accessories & Peripherals Computer Parts & Components Desktops & Servers DVD Electronics Gourmet Food Grocery Hardware Health & Personal Care Home Audio & Theater Home Improvement Instant Videos Jewelry Kindle Store Kitchen & Bath Fixtures Lamps & Light Fixtures Laptops Magazines MP3 Downloads MP3 Players & Accessories Music Musical Instruments Office & School Supplies Pet Supplies Photo & Video Power & Hand Tools Printers & Ink Shoes Software Sporting & Outdoors Tablets & Netbooks Televisions & Video Toys & Baby Valentine\'s Day Gifts Video Games Watches TwiLITE A Parody Posted by consumer on February 10th, 2012 TwiLITE A Parody This parody skewers the best-selling novel about the sparkly undead. Whether you re a Twilight lover or hater , you ll laugh out loud. The scribd preview generated over 50,000 hits, a 5-star rating and rave reviews including GOLD! I love Twilight. But I swear I think I almost love this even more. This was hilarious! boi i luv this book!! amazing Whether you re a Twilight lover or hater, you will enjoy the non-stop humor and subtle commentary on that best-seller s view of the world. If you haven t read Twilight, you ll just say, Hunh If you ve seen the movie, but haven t read the book, we re not sure what you ll think let us know! People ask whether it s worth reading all 498 pages of Twilight just to truly appreciate TwiLITE A Parody. That s a tough question. Twilight is a page-turner, but you ll never get those hours back. However, if you really, really love to snicker, it s worth it. Do not confuse th List Price $ 2.99 Price $ 2.99 Products Related to TwiLITE A Parody Twilite A Parody Twilite A Parody Love between a teenage girl and a vampire can be a beautiful thing. Then again, it can get a little ugly. Just ... Twilight 3 Book Set plus Puzzle Ball- Twilight, New Moon, Eclipse Twilight Saga Twilight 3 Book Set plus Puzzle Ball- Twilight, New Moon, Eclipse Twilight Saga Product Dimensions 8.5 x 7 x 5.8 inchesLanguage EnglishReading level Young AdultShipping ... New Moon The Twilight Saga Book 2 MP3 New Moon The Twilight Saga Book 2 MP3 For Bella Swan, there is one thing more important than life itself Edward Cullen. But being in ... Love Bites The Unofficial Saga of Twilight Love Bites The Unofficial Saga of Twilight Centering on the Stephenie Meyer books, the cast of the Twilight films, and the dedicated fan base, this ... Twilight Exposed! The Inside Story of a Billion Dollar Franchise Twilight Exposed! The Inside Story of a Billion Dollar Franchise IntroductionI stumbled onto Twilight by accident.A good friend threw me a copy of the first ... Did you like this Share it Tweet [Translate] Posted in Books Tags Parody , Twilite Nuts About You! Valentine s Day Gift Basket Emerson SD512 Portable SD Karaoke MP3 Lyric Player With 3 Lyric Screen & 100 Songs Included You can leave a response , or trackback from your own site. 3 Responses to TwiLITE A Parody Evansmommy says February 10, 2012 at 18 12 1 of 2 people found the following review helpful A must read for anyone who s read Twilight , July 25, 2011 By Evansmommy This review is from TwiLITE A Parody Kindle Edition If you re one of those people who snort when you laugh, don t read this in public. You ll completely embarrass yourself. The fresher Twilight is in your mind, the funnier this book will be. Help other customers find the most helpful reviews Was this review helpful to you | Comment Log in to Reply reader Mike says February 10, 2012 at 18 46 1 of 2 people found the following review helpful whole family laughed like crazy , July 20, 2011 By reader Mike This review is from TwiLITE A Parody Kindle Edition We have both Twilight lovers and haters in the family. All thought this was laugh-out-loud funny or ROFL if you are my daughter . The dry humor totally nailed everything in Twilight that deserved to be poked fun at. Never thought there d be any piece of literature that would make both my wife and daughter laugh over a book they had totally opposite opinions about, so I read it too. Even I could not put it down and I d only seen the movie not voluntarily ! Help other customers find the most helpful reviews Was this review helpful to you | Comment Log in to Reply Brittany Davis "Brit" says February 10, 2012 at 19 25 1 of 3 people found the following review helpful Could have been a lot better , October 18, 2011 By Brittany Davis Brit KY Amazon Verified Purchase http //www.amazon.com/gp/community-help/amazon-verified-purchase\' , AmazonHelp , width 400,height 500,resizable 1,scrollbars 1,toolbar 0,status 1 ;return false; >What s this This review is from TwiLITE A Parody Paperback In my view, this doesn t even qualify as a parody What it is is a blow-by-blow summary of Twilight, in which the author doesn t bother trying to mimic Stephenie Meyer s style, but merely removes almost all dialogue and descriptions of Edward s unearthly beauty admittedly comprising most of the original work to make room for many repetitive, snarky remarks on character behavior and commentary that makes Bella more overtly self-centered. I will admit that some of these remarks were right on, but the fourth or fifth time I read a sentence like He watches me sleep! Cool, right and there are a lot of them , I d pretty much had it. There are no new character directions in the story, no attempts to add any unique details. Two stars because it only takes about 1/10 as long to get through this as it takes for Twilight. Help other customers find the most helpful reviews Was this review helpful to you | Comment Log in to Reply Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. You must be logged in to post a comment. RSS Subscription! Follow me! Subscribe Through Email Enter your email address Latest Products Prince Charming Wild About You Romantic Gift for Guys Airy Curl Styler Beauty Hair Make Up Curling Tool Bayer K9 Advantix II Red 4-Month Flea & Tick Drops for Large Dogs, 21-55 lbs. Nike Dart 9 Running shoes Rescue Remedy Pastilles 1.70 Ounces Recent Reviews Luke\'s Mom on Combi Kobuk Air-Thru, Licorice engk916 "engk916" on Combi Kobuk Air-Thru, Licorice Nazira Abdukhalilova on North States Supergate Top-Notch Gate Anonymous on Pure Fun Trampoline Ladder Black D. Drake on Rescue Remedy Pastilles 1.70 Ounces Popular Keywords Acoustic Apple Black Blue Bluray Book Cable Card Case Color Combo Deluxe Desktop Digital Download Drive Edition Electric Guitar Home iPhone iPod Keyboard Kindle Laptop Memory Men\'s Music Pack Piano Portable Reviews Saga Series Silver Size Stand System Touch Twilight Watch White Wireless Women\'s Yamaha Presented by Consumer Tale - Shop With Ease Powered by ConsumerTale.Com English Afrikaans catal esky Cymraeg dansk Deutsch espa ol eesti suomi fran ais Gaeilge galego hrvatski magyar bahasa Indonesia slenska italiano lietuvi latvie u bahasa Melayu Malti Nederlands norsk polski portugu s rom n sloven ina sloven ina shqipe svenska Kiswahili Filipino T rk e ti ng Vi t powered by')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00980', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Home Fight For Consumer Rights Sell Your Products Contact Us Privacy Home Apparel Audiobooks Beauty & Makeup Blu-Ray Books Building Supplies Camera Cell Phones & Accessories Children\'s Books Computer Accessories & Peripherals Computer Parts & Components Desktops & Servers DVD Electronics Gourmet Food Grocery Hardware Health & Personal Care Home Audio & Theater Home Improvement Instant Videos Jewelry Kindle Store Kitchen & Bath Fixtures Lamps & Light Fixtures Laptops Magazines MP3 Downloads MP3 Players & Accessories Music Musical Instruments Office & School Supplies Pet Supplies Photo & Video Power & Hand Tools Printers & Ink Shoes Software Sporting & Outdoors Tablets & Netbooks Televisions & Video Toys & Baby Valentine\'s Day Gifts Video Games Watches Categories Apparel Audiobooks Beauty & Makeup Blu-Ray Books Building Supplies Camera Cell Phones & Accessories Children\'s Books Computer Accessories & Peripherals Computer Parts & Components Desktops & Servers DVD Electronics Gourmet Food Grocery Hardware Health & Personal Care Home Audio & Theater Home Improvement Instant Videos Jewelry Kindle Store Kitchen & Bath Fixtures Lamps & Light Fixtures Laptops Magazines MP3 Downloads MP3 Players & Accessories Music Musical Instruments Office & School Supplies Pet Supplies Photo & Video Power & Hand Tools Printers & Ink Shoes Software Sporting & Outdoors Tablets & Netbooks Televisions & Video Toys & Baby Valentine\'s Day Gifts Video Games Watches Yamaha Silent Brass Patch Cord MU-CORDP 3 Meters Reviews Posted by consumer on February 10th, 2012 Yamaha Silent Brass Patch Cord MU-CORDP 3 Meters Replacement Patch Cord for Yamaha Silent Brass Systems 3.0M 9.8ft. long Model Number MUCORDP Yamaha MUCORDP Silent Brass Patchcord List Price $ 49.99 Price $ 34.50 Yamaha SB39C Silent Brass French Horn System Aux in to play along with CDs or MP3sEcho-enhanced sound for large-room ambienceReduced hissSimplified controls and sleeker lookOutput/phones jack connects to included earphones for private practice, to an external sound system for sound reproduction, or to a recording system for recording Yamaha SB39C Silent Brass French Horn System List Price $ 199.95 Price $ 143.99 More Band & Orchestra Products Products Related to Yamaha Silent Brass Patch Cord MU-CORDP 3 Meters Reviews Yamaha YAC-1510G French Horn Lyre Gold Yamaha YAC-1510G French Horn Lyre Gold Yamaha WW Mouthpieces/Access.Model Number YAC-1510G Yamaha YAC-1510G French Horn Lyre Gold List Price $ 8.95 Price $ 6.36 Yamaha YACFH11F4 Flugelhorn Mouthpiece Reviews Yamaha YACFH11F4 Flugelhorn Mouthpiece Yamaha Brass MouthpiecesModel Number YACFH11F4 Yamaha YACFH11F4 Flugelhorn Mouthpiece List Price $ 52.95 Price $ 30.00 Yamaha YAC-1508G Mellophone Lyre Gold ... Yamaha P95B Digital Piano, Black Yamaha P95B Digital Piano, Black It has 88-note, GHS Graded Hammer Standard weighted-action keyboard w/ matte black key topsIt has 64-note polyphonyIt has 10 Voices ... Yamaha YHT-S401BL Front Surround Home Theater System Yamaha YHT-S401BL Front Surround Home Theater System Front Surround System with center speaker provides clear dialogue and an expansive sound field for greater TV enjoyment.Oval ... Yamaha YHT-494BL 5.1-Channel Complete Home Theater System Black Yamaha YHT-494BL 5.1-Channel Complete Home Theater System Black The latest HDMI with support for 3D and Audio Return Channel5.1 channels with 600 watts of powerful ... Did you like this Share it Tweet [Translate] Posted in Musical Instruments Tags Brass , Cord , Meters , MUCORDP , Patch , Reviews , Silent , Yamaha Breaking Dawn Film Tie in Twilight Saga Gibson Gear PRHK-010 Electric Guitar Part You can leave a response , or trackback from your own site. Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. You must be logged in to post a comment. RSS Subscription! Follow me! Subscribe Through Email Enter your email address Latest Products Prince Charming Wild About You Romantic Gift for Guys Airy Curl Styler Beauty Hair Make Up Curling Tool Bayer K9 Advantix II Red 4-Month Flea & Tick Drops for Large Dogs, 21-55 lbs. Nike Dart 9 Running shoes Rescue Remedy Pastilles 1.70 Ounces Recent Reviews Luke\'s Mom on Combi Kobuk Air-Thru, Licorice engk916 "engk916" on Combi Kobuk Air-Thru, Licorice Nazira Abdukhalilova on North States Supergate Top-Notch Gate Anonymous on Pure Fun Trampoline Ladder Black D. Drake on Rescue Remedy Pastilles 1.70 Ounces Popular Keywords Acoustic Apple Black Blue Bluray Book Cable Card Case Color Combo Deluxe Desktop Digital Download Drive Edition Electric Guitar Home iPhone iPod Keyboard Kindle Laptop Memory Men\'s Music Pack Piano Portable Reviews Saga Series Silver Size Stand System Touch Twilight Watch White Wireless Women\'s Yamaha Presented by Consumer Tale - Shop With Ease Powered by ConsumerTale.Com English Afrikaans catal esky Cymraeg dansk Deutsch espa ol eesti suomi fran ais Gaeilge galego hrvatski magyar bahasa Indonesia slenska italiano lietuvi latvie u bahasa Melayu Malti Nederlands norsk polski portugu s rom n sloven ina sloven ina shqipe svenska Kiswahili Filipino T rk e ti ng Vi t powered by')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00981', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en"> Home Beauty & Styles Free SMS Messages Friendship Singles & Dating Sports Travel Tourism NEW Researching Pschotherapy And Counselling Dallos, Counselling on eBay Counselling and Identity Howard A. US $42.65 End Date Friday Feb-10-2012 14 23 57 PST Buy It Now for only US $42.65 Buy it now | Add to watch list NEW Career Counselling; Constructivist Approaches - ... US $45.95 End Date Friday Feb-10-2012 15 40 03 PST Buy It Now for only US $45.95 Buy it now | Add to watch list Legal Issues Across Counselling & Psychotherapy Setting US $43.53 End Date Friday Feb-10-2012 16 56 11 PST Buy It Now for only US $43.53 Buy it now | Add to watch list Solutions Related to NEW Researching Pschotherapy And Counselling - Dallos, Counselling Skills in Palliative Care Jean Bayliss Most popular counselling eBay auctions Counselling in Schools A Reader, , Good Book counselling eBay auctions you should keep an eye on Pre Marriage Counselling Spiral Bound Di Somma Gerri Counselling on eBay Doing Counselling Research by John McLeod 2003, Hardcover Most popular counselling eBay auctions The Counselling Interview A Guide for the Helping Professions by Helen counselling eBay auctions you should keep an eye on Did you like this Share it Tweet [Translate] Tagged as counselling , Dallos , Pschotherapy , Researching You must log in to post a comment. Previous post Rehabilitation Medicine Contemporary Clinical Perspect Next post NEW Pharmacology in Rehabilitation Ciccone, Charles D Categories Affiliate & Business Beauty & Styles Books Career & Money Cooking Food Dog Training Engagement & Weddings Entertainment & Music Family & Relationships Fashion & Accessories Free SMS Messages Friends-Villa News Friendship Gadgets Gardening & Decoration Hair Health & Fitness Horoscopes Jobs Makeup Marriage & Divorce Mobile Phone Mobile Support Polls & Surveys Shoes Singles & Dating Skin & Body Sports Television & Media Toys Games Travel Tourism Work From Home Recent Solutions Teenage Rehab CD Lets Be Enemies Punk Rock Jailhouse Primary Succession and Ecosystem Rehabilitation Cam, Lawrence R. Walker, Roger How many TransGender people in the Central Florida area feel there is a support network for them WINNING Funny CHARLIE SHEEN crazy Rehab Women s T-shirt NEW Trauma A Practitioner s Guide to Counselling Tho Loading Subscribe For Daily QA Updates Follow Friends-Villa QA at Twitter We Care For Our Social Responsibilities Get smart with the Thesis WordPress Theme from DIYthemes | Privacy | Contact English Afrikaans catal esky Cymraeg dansk Deutsch espa ol eesti suomi fran ais Gaeilge galego hrvatski magyar bahasa Indonesia slenska italiano lietuvi latvie u bahasa Melayu Malti Nederlands norsk polski portugu s rom n sloven ina sloven ina shqipe svenska Kiswahili Filipino T rk e ti ng Vi t powered by')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00984', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns fb "http //ogp.me/ns/fb#" xmlns og "http //ogp.me/ns#" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Music Videos Indie News Kicks T-n-B FOH Lifestyle Tech Sports Gaming A$AP Rocky Meets Rakim 02/01/2012 | by bRoane | Interviews , Videos | Share Last year when A$AP Rocky was on the Angie Martinez show, he revealed to the world that since his mother was a huge Rakim fan, Rocky was named after The God MC. His sister Erica B was named after Eric B. This time, Angie has Ra make a surprise appearance in the studio. If you think Rocky was hype, wait til you see how his mom reacts. Props to Miss Info . You Might Be Interested In Paid in Full Exp Follow the Leader Exp Up Close & Personal The Seventh Seal Don t Sweat the Technique Let Rhythm Hit Em About The Author bRoane Freelance Writer/Blogger/Radio Host residing in Atlanta, GA. Check me out on Creative Loafing\'s Crib Notes blog. Rebel Radio airs every Tuesday night at 7pm on ATLWebRadio.com [Tune in via TuneIn] Follow @RebelToUhmerica http //pagesfrommymoleskine.tumblr.com Tags A$AP Rocky , Angie Martinez , Eric B. & Rakim , Rakim Related Posts 02/09/2012 Video A$AP Rocky & The Rest Of The A$AP Crew Freestyle Over Stay Schemin 02/08/2012 Schoolboy Q & A$AP Rocky To Record Album 02/03/2012 Selector Volume 1 Mixtape Pitchfork TV 02/01/2012 [Mixtape] A$AP Rocky & ScHoolboy Q Purple Reign Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Connect with Facebook Name required Mail will not be published required Website Search Dajaz1 Subscribe to our mailing list indicates required Email Address This page is having a slideshow that uses Javascript. Your browser either doesn\'t support Javascript or you have it turned off. To see this page as it is meant to appear please use a Javascript enabled browser. Indie Crizzly Presents CrunkStep Music Mix / Aj Hernz - Snap Back Swag Crizzly Remix Numonics and Knowledge Medina - Never Enough EP Sap - Space Jam Produced By Sap New Music Boom Baptist Toucan Wing J Dilla Tribute Jackie Chain and Nick Catchdubs\' After Hours Mixtape Akil Nadir - The Anti N gger A Humble Ardor Mixtape This page is having a slideshow that uses Javascript. Your browser either doesn\'t support Javascript or you have it turned off. To see this page as it is meant to appear please use a Javascript enabled browser. Kicks Air Force 1 - Jersey Gold / Sport Red Vans Authentic Grindle Dress Blue Nike 2012 All-Star Game Pack Nike Foamposite One Galaxy Missoni x Converse Pro Leather OX Low Air Jordan 4 - True Red This page is having a slideshow that uses Javascript. Your browser either doesn\'t support Javascript or you have it turned off. To see this page as it is meant to appear please use a Javascript enabled browser. Top-N-Bottom Super Bowl XLVI With Miss Meena & Her Body Paint Dimez Magazine Photo Shoot With Basketball Wife Gloria Govan Look Into Her Kristal Balls & Tell Me What You See Her Reign On The Top Was..... No Idea Why She Names Herself Wankaego But Does It Even Matter At This Point! U Smoke No Take A Puff Of This Jhonni Blaze! This page is having a slideshow that uses Javascript. Your browser either doesn\'t support Javascript or you have it turned off. To see this page as it is meant to appear please use a Javascript enabled browser. Sports NBA Top 10 Plays From Thursday, Fenruary 9th The Names Of The Reserves For The 2012 NBA All-Star Game Have Been Announced NBA Top 10 Plays From Wednesday, February 8th NY Giants Parade This Is Why Blondes Shouldn\'t Talk On Live Television NBA Top 10 Plays From Tuesday, February 7th Video Kobe Bryant An NBA Scoring Legend By navigating to any page, including all content and functionality available through the Dajaz1.com domain name, you signify your agreement to the Terms of Service.. If you do not agree to any part of the Terms of Service, please do not use Dajaz1.com. Play Pause Stop Next Prev HIDE PLAYLIST Pop Out Top Rated The NMC Dajaz1 | YouHeardThatNew | Xclusiveszone | OnSmash | NahRight | MissInfo | 2DopeBoyz | NewMusicCartel Dajaz1 | All Rights Reserved 2012 | Submissions | Copyright Policy | Terms Of Service | Media Policy | Privacy Policy | Site by Ubeloved top')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00985', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns fb "http //ogp.me/ns/fb#" xmlns og "http //ogp.me/ns#" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Music Videos Indie News Kicks T-n-B FOH Lifestyle Tech Sports Gaming FKi Transformers N The Hood Mixtape 02/01/2012 | by Mel | Mixtapes , Music | Share It s finally here! Diplo, FKi, Heroes x Villains & Mayhem team up to drop 16 Ipod worthy tracks with features including Iggy Azalea, Travis Porter, Retro Su$h!, Smoke DZA, and more. 01. Transformers N The Hood Prod. by FKi 02. We Gon Kick It Craig & Deebo feat. Natasha Mosley Prod. by Mayhem & FKi 03. On A Roll feat. Mike Fresh Prod. by Mayhem, DJ Spinz & FKi 04. Eyes Low feat. Travis Porter Prod. by Heroes X Villains & FKi 05. I Think She Ready feat. Iggy Azalea Prod. by Diplo, DJ A, Heroes X Villains & FKi 06. Drippin Prod. by Flight Facilities, Adventure Club & FKi 07. Out Of Control feat. Planet 9 Prod. by Planet 9, Mayhem & FKi 08. Coolin feat. Natasha Mosley Prod. by SK & FKi 09. Bent Up feat. Natasha Mosley Prod. by SK, Mayhem, FKi & Zar 10. Pony feat. Mike Fresh & Stuey Rock Prod. by Boson 11. Swangin & Bangin feat. ESG 12. I m High feat. Smoke DZA & ButtaMan Screwed Up Prod. by FKi 13. Standin On The Table feat. Badio Prod. by FKi 14. Stuntin feat. Retro Su$h! Prod. by FKi 15. We In There feat. Travis Porter Prod. by DJ Spinz, Heroes X Villians & FKi 16. In The Air feat. Angela McCluskey Prod. by FKi & Zar Download FKi Transformers N The Hood Mixtape You Might Be Interested In Ayy Ladies [Explicit] Body Kiss Rolling Stoned Bring It Back [Explicit] Music Money Magnums [Explicit] Rolling Stoned [Explicit] About The Author Mel Follow @mizze_ mizzkma [at] gmail.com Tags fKI , Iggy Azalea , Retro Su$h! , Smoke DZA , Travis Porter Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Connect with Facebook Name required Mail will not be published required Website Search Dajaz1 Subscribe to our mailing list indicates required Email Address This page is having a slideshow that uses Javascript. Your browser either doesn\'t support Javascript or you have it turned off. To see this page as it is meant to appear please use a Javascript enabled browser. Indie Crizzly Presents CrunkStep Music Mix / Aj Hernz - Snap Back Swag Crizzly Remix Numonics and Knowledge Medina - Never Enough EP Sap - Space Jam Produced By Sap New Music Boom Baptist Toucan Wing J Dilla Tribute Jackie Chain and Nick Catchdubs\' After Hours Mixtape Akil Nadir - The Anti N gger A Humble Ardor Mixtape This page is having a slideshow that uses Javascript. Your browser either doesn\'t support Javascript or you have it turned off. To see this page as it is meant to appear please use a Javascript enabled browser. Kicks Air Force 1 - Jersey Gold / Sport Red Vans Authentic Grindle Dress Blue Nike 2012 All-Star Game Pack Nike Foamposite One Galaxy Missoni x Converse Pro Leather OX Low Air Jordan 4 - True Red This page is having a slideshow that uses Javascript. Your browser either doesn\'t support Javascript or you have it turned off. To see this page as it is meant to appear please use a Javascript enabled browser. Top-N-Bottom Super Bowl XLVI With Miss Meena & Her Body Paint Dimez Magazine Photo Shoot With Basketball Wife Gloria Govan Look Into Her Kristal Balls & Tell Me What You See Her Reign On The Top Was..... No Idea Why She Names Herself Wankaego But Does It Even Matter At This Point! U Smoke No Take A Puff Of This Jhonni Blaze! This page is having a slideshow that uses Javascript. Your browser either doesn\'t support Javascript or you have it turned off. To see this page as it is meant to appear please use a Javascript enabled browser. Sports NBA Top 10 Plays From Thursday, Fenruary 9th The Names Of The Reserves For The 2012 NBA All-Star Game Have Been Announced NBA Top 10 Plays From Wednesday, February 8th NY Giants Parade This Is Why Blondes Shouldn\'t Talk On Live Television NBA Top 10 Plays From Tuesday, February 7th Video Kobe Bryant An NBA Scoring Legend By navigating to any page, including all content and functionality available through the Dajaz1.com domain name, you signify your agreement to the Terms of Service.. If you do not agree to any part of the Terms of Service, please do not use Dajaz1.com. Play Pause Stop Next Prev HIDE PLAYLIST Pop Out Top Rated The NMC Dajaz1 | YouHeardThatNew | Xclusiveszone | OnSmash | NahRight | MissInfo | 2DopeBoyz | NewMusicCartel Dajaz1 | All Rights Reserved 2012 | Submissions | Copyright Policy | Terms Of Service | Media Policy | Privacy Policy | Site by Ubeloved top')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00986', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns fb "http //ogp.me/ns/fb#" xmlns og "http //ogp.me/ns#" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Music Videos Indie News Kicks T-n-B FOH Lifestyle Tech Sports Gaming K naan Does Not Approve Mitt Romney s Message 02/01/2012 | by bRoane | Entertainment News , FOH | Share Last night after Mitt Romney won the primary in Florida, he did what politicians always do. As he waves to the crowd with his family in tow, a patriotic song swells in the background. As Mitt s photographic moment played out, the song playing was K naan s Waving Flag. It turns out that Romney s camp did not get approval from the rapper to turn the 2009 anthem into his campaign theme song. The Somalian-Canadian MC turned to twitter to let his thoughts be heard Yo @mittromney I am K naan Warsame and I do not endorse this message, the rapper tweeted . In a statement released today, K naan elaborated that he was offended by the use of the song and does not endorse the candidate in any way. Warsame and his legal team are currently exploring their options in order to prevent Romney from further using the song during his campaign to become the Republican candidate for president. If I had been asked, I would certainly not have granted it, The Troubadour explained. I would happily grant the Obama campaign use of my song without prejudice. K naan released his More Beautiful Than Silence EP last week. Props to Hip Hop Wired . You Might Be Interested In Which Side Are You on 3 Pak 80 s Pop Hits Get Closer Defying Gravity Greatest Hits R Kelly About The Author bRoane Freelance Writer/Blogger/Radio Host residing in Atlanta, GA. Check me out on Creative Loafing\'s Crib Notes blog. Rebel Radio airs every Tuesday night at 7pm on ATLWebRadio.com [Tune in via TuneIn] Follow @RebelToUhmerica http //pagesfrommymoleskine.tumblr.com Tags K\'Naan , Mitt Romney Related Posts 01/23/2012 K Naan feat Nelly Furtado Is Anybody Out There 01/19/2012 K Naan feat Nas Nothing To Lose Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Connect with Facebook Name required Mail will not be published required Website Search Dajaz1 Subscribe to our mailing list indicates required Email Address This page is having a slideshow that uses Javascript. Your browser either doesn\'t support Javascript or you have it turned off. To see this page as it is meant to appear please use a Javascript enabled browser. Indie Crizzly Presents CrunkStep Music Mix / Aj Hernz - Snap Back Swag Crizzly Remix Numonics and Knowledge Medina - Never Enough EP Sap - Space Jam Produced By Sap New Music Boom Baptist Toucan Wing J Dilla Tribute Jackie Chain and Nick Catchdubs\' After Hours Mixtape Akil Nadir - The Anti N gger A Humble Ardor Mixtape This page is having a slideshow that uses Javascript. Your browser either doesn\'t support Javascript or you have it turned off. To see this page as it is meant to appear please use a Javascript enabled browser. Kicks Air Force 1 - Jersey Gold / Sport Red Vans Authentic Grindle Dress Blue Nike 2012 All-Star Game Pack Nike Foamposite One Galaxy Missoni x Converse Pro Leather OX Low Air Jordan 4 - True Red This page is having a slideshow that uses Javascript. Your browser either doesn\'t support Javascript or you have it turned off. To see this page as it is meant to appear please use a Javascript enabled browser. Top-N-Bottom Super Bowl XLVI With Miss Meena & Her Body Paint Dimez Magazine Photo Shoot With Basketball Wife Gloria Govan Look Into Her Kristal Balls & Tell Me What You See Her Reign On The Top Was..... No Idea Why She Names Herself Wankaego But Does It Even Matter At This Point! U Smoke No Take A Puff Of This Jhonni Blaze! This page is having a slideshow that uses Javascript. Your browser either doesn\'t support Javascript or you have it turned off. To see this page as it is meant to appear please use a Javascript enabled browser. Sports NBA Top 10 Plays From Thursday, Fenruary 9th The Names Of The Reserves For The 2012 NBA All-Star Game Have Been Announced NBA Top 10 Plays From Wednesday, February 8th NY Giants Parade This Is Why Blondes Shouldn\'t Talk On Live Television NBA Top 10 Plays From Tuesday, February 7th Video Kobe Bryant An NBA Scoring Legend By navigating to any page, including all content and functionality available through the Dajaz1.com domain name, you signify your agreement to the Terms of Service.. If you do not agree to any part of the Terms of Service, please do not use Dajaz1.com. Play Pause Stop Next Prev HIDE PLAYLIST Pop Out Top Rated The NMC Dajaz1 | YouHeardThatNew | Xclusiveszone | OnSmash | NahRight | MissInfo | 2DopeBoyz | NewMusicCartel Dajaz1 | All Rights Reserved 2012 | Submissions | Copyright Policy | Terms Of Service | Media Policy | Privacy Policy | Site by Ubeloved top')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00987', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns fb "http //ogp.me/ns/fb#" xmlns og "http //ogp.me/ns#" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Music Videos Indie News Kicks T-n-B FOH Lifestyle Tech Sports Gaming Letoya Luckett Life, Love & Music Pt. 1 02/01/2012 | by Splizzy | Videos , Vlog | Share Here s a new web series from Singer, Songwriter & Actress LeToya Luckett as she creates her 3rd Album. You Might Be Interested In Lady Love [CLEAN] Lady Love Explicit Letoya She Ain t Got Explicit Lady Love About The Author Splizzy Follow @Splash_Dajaz1 splash.dajaz1 [at] gmail.com Tags Letoya Luckett Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Connect with Facebook Name required Mail will not be published required Website Search Dajaz1 Subscribe to our mailing list indicates required Email Address This page is having a slideshow that uses Javascript. Your browser either doesn\'t support Javascript or you have it turned off. To see this page as it is meant to appear please use a Javascript enabled browser. Indie Crizzly Presents CrunkStep Music Mix / Aj Hernz - Snap Back Swag Crizzly Remix Numonics and Knowledge Medina - Never Enough EP Sap - Space Jam Produced By Sap New Music Boom Baptist Toucan Wing J Dilla Tribute Jackie Chain and Nick Catchdubs\' After Hours Mixtape Akil Nadir - The Anti N gger A Humble Ardor Mixtape This page is having a slideshow that uses Javascript. Your browser either doesn\'t support Javascript or you have it turned off. To see this page as it is meant to appear please use a Javascript enabled browser. Kicks Air Force 1 - Jersey Gold / Sport Red Vans Authentic Grindle Dress Blue Nike 2012 All-Star Game Pack Nike Foamposite One Galaxy Missoni x Converse Pro Leather OX Low Air Jordan 4 - True Red This page is having a slideshow that uses Javascript. Your browser either doesn\'t support Javascript or you have it turned off. To see this page as it is meant to appear please use a Javascript enabled browser. Top-N-Bottom Super Bowl XLVI With Miss Meena & Her Body Paint Dimez Magazine Photo Shoot With Basketball Wife Gloria Govan Look Into Her Kristal Balls & Tell Me What You See Her Reign On The Top Was..... No Idea Why She Names Herself Wankaego But Does It Even Matter At This Point! U Smoke No Take A Puff Of This Jhonni Blaze! This page is having a slideshow that uses Javascript. Your browser either doesn\'t support Javascript or you have it turned off. To see this page as it is meant to appear please use a Javascript enabled browser. Sports NBA Top 10 Plays From Thursday, Fenruary 9th The Names Of The Reserves For The 2012 NBA All-Star Game Have Been Announced NBA Top 10 Plays From Wednesday, February 8th NY Giants Parade This Is Why Blondes Shouldn\'t Talk On Live Television NBA Top 10 Plays From Tuesday, February 7th Video Kobe Bryant An NBA Scoring Legend By navigating to any page, including all content and functionality available through the Dajaz1.com domain name, you signify your agreement to the Terms of Service.. If you do not agree to any part of the Terms of Service, please do not use Dajaz1.com. Play Pause Stop Next Prev HIDE PLAYLIST Pop Out Top Rated The NMC Dajaz1 | YouHeardThatNew | Xclusiveszone | OnSmash | NahRight | MissInfo | 2DopeBoyz | NewMusicCartel Dajaz1 | All Rights Reserved 2012 | Submissions | Copyright Policy | Terms Of Service | Media Policy | Privacy Policy | Site by Ubeloved top')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00988', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns fb "http //ogp.me/ns/fb#" xmlns og "http //ogp.me/ns#" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Music Videos Indie News Kicks T-n-B FOH Lifestyle Tech Sports Gaming Video Ace Hood Be Great 02/01/2012 | by Splizzy | Music Video , Videos | Share New music video from Ace Hood off The Statement 2 mixtape. You Might Be Interested In Blood Sweat & Tears [Explicit] Blood, Sweat & Tears Blood, Sweat & Tears [Deluxe Edition] Ruthless DJ Khaled Presents Ace Hood Gutta Blood, Sweat & Tears [clean] About The Author Splizzy Follow @Splash_Dajaz1 splash.dajaz1 [at] gmail.com Tags Ace Hood Related Posts 02/03/2012 Ace Hood Gets In On The Prank On Mobbed 01/31/2012 ItsTheReal The Check-In With Ace Hood 01/24/2012 Video Ace Hood feat Rick Ross Realest Livin 01/23/2012 Ace Hood feat Rick Ross Realist Livin DJ Uneeq Rmx Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Connect with Facebook Name required Mail will not be published required Website Search Dajaz1 Subscribe to our mailing list indicates required Email Address This page is having a slideshow that uses Javascript. Your browser either doesn\'t support Javascript or you have it turned off. To see this page as it is meant to appear please use a Javascript enabled browser. Indie Crizzly Presents CrunkStep Music Mix / Aj Hernz - Snap Back Swag Crizzly Remix Numonics and Knowledge Medina - Never Enough EP Sap - Space Jam Produced By Sap New Music Boom Baptist Toucan Wing J Dilla Tribute Jackie Chain and Nick Catchdubs\' After Hours Mixtape Akil Nadir - The Anti N gger A Humble Ardor Mixtape This page is having a slideshow that uses Javascript. Your browser either doesn\'t support Javascript or you have it turned off. To see this page as it is meant to appear please use a Javascript enabled browser. Kicks Jordan Spizike - University Blue / Vivid Orange Release Date Air Force 1 - Jersey Gold / Sport Red Vans Authentic Grindle Dress Blue Nike 2012 All-Star Game Pack Nike Foamposite One Galaxy Missoni x Converse Pro Leather OX Low This page is having a slideshow that uses Javascript. Your browser either doesn\'t support Javascript or you have it turned off. To see this page as it is meant to appear please use a Javascript enabled browser. Top-N-Bottom Super Bowl XLVI With Miss Meena & Her Body Paint Dimez Magazine Photo Shoot With Basketball Wife Gloria Govan Look Into Her Kristal Balls & Tell Me What You See Her Reign On The Top Was..... No Idea Why She Names Herself Wankaego But Does It Even Matter At This Point! U Smoke No Take A Puff Of This Jhonni Blaze! This page is having a slideshow that uses Javascript. Your browser either doesn\'t support Javascript or you have it turned off. To see this page as it is meant to appear please use a Javascript enabled browser. Sports NBA Top 10 Plays From Thursday, Fenruary 9th The Names Of The Reserves For The 2012 NBA All-Star Game Have Been Announced NBA Top 10 Plays From Wednesday, February 8th NY Giants Parade This Is Why Blondes Shouldn\'t Talk On Live Television NBA Top 10 Plays From Tuesday, February 7th Video Kobe Bryant An NBA Scoring Legend By navigating to any page, including all content and functionality available through the Dajaz1.com domain name, you signify your agreement to the Terms of Service.. If you do not agree to any part of the Terms of Service, please do not use Dajaz1.com. Play Pause Stop Next Prev HIDE PLAYLIST Pop Out Top Rated The NMC Dajaz1 | YouHeardThatNew | Xclusiveszone | OnSmash | NahRight | MissInfo | 2DopeBoyz | NewMusicCartel Dajaz1 | All Rights Reserved 2012 | Submissions | Copyright Policy | Terms Of Service | Media Policy | Privacy Policy | Site by Ubeloved top')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00990', 'dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Skip to Content company company overview leadership management fact sheet services philosophy cost of a team social media tools measuring analytics measuring ROI resources blog case studies contact company fact sheet press video and radio articles events SOCIAL INNOVATORS Trina Hernandez Shaking Things Up In Austin February 8, 2012 by Rebecca Price When I first joined twitter, Trina was one of the people who stood out. She is funny, clever and always on the forefront of Austin happenings. She s also empathetic, warm and a passionate advocate for health and the Hispanic community. Here she is, in her own words I am a blogger, copywriter and Social Media maven clawing her way towards making her passion, a career. I m also widely known as an early adopter of new Social platforms How many online accounts do you have is a frequent question I get , an internet enthusiast, fanatic of food trucks, wearer of chanclas & geeky over technology. I share it all over the web, as well as on my blog Tacos y Gatos! How You Can Find Trina My Website My Facebook My Twitter Which Social sites do you visit every single day Most definitely Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Instagram, Flickr and Foursquare . Everything else just depends on what kind of day it is I happen to know you as a particularly early adopter in the tech world. You seem to always be just ahead of the newest trends. What are you particularly proud to have been early on Is there anything you adopted too late I m particularly proud of being an early adopter of Flickr . My friend sent me an invite and since 2004, I ve been a fan. To say it fueled my love and inspiration in photography at the young age of 22 would be an accurate statement. I would say I was late joining the Facebook crowd. I didn t open that account until a year and a half ago. I just didn t understand why people would talk to their friends there rather than text, call or see them. Once I realized that I was able to keep in contact with my family in Mexico I m lucky if I see them at least once a year! , I was pretty much on board. What are your predictions about Google + and Chime.in Do you think they ll stick around or prove to be just passing trends How often do you get on both I see the potential each platform carries. I would say that if you haven t experienced Twitter or Facebook previously, one could very easily prefer these over the others. But once you have a taste / preference for a service, it s hard to leave that shell and move into something new. I m a curious being, and I love finding new services that may just convince me otherwise. Unfortunately, Chime.in didn t do anything for me that I wasn t already getting from twitter, so I hardly, if ever, visit the site unless someone mentions me. As for Google +, I try to log on every day and scope the scene. I m starting to see the growth and have high hopes for it. My family is starting to join the G + bandwagon, so we ll see where it goes. What is your favorite thing about Social Media More than anything, the people you meet and connections you make. I have friends in Malaysia, Singapore, India, Canada, and of course, Mexico. I love learning about their cultures, their surroundings and teaching them my own. I also love meeting the locals. I love how you can basically go as far deep as the person lets you into their lives. I love the ability to share my own life, because I m pretty much an open book. I love using it as a tool to express myself, to learn from others and hopefully be informational and funny along the way. Overall, I just love how easy it is to be in one s life, especially when you re so far apart. Dare I mention I met my husband of six years via Social Media Thanks MySpace ! Tell me about your blog! Tacosygatos is a WordPress site where I blog about food, Austin, family, being Latina, photography, Social Media, technology, etc. The sky is the definitely not the limit I don t like encasing myself in just one category. Let s talk about Klout, which measures Social influence among users. Do you love it Follow it I forgot to add my Klout Page ! I think right now, the only thing bugging me is the whole Klout thing. I love Klout , but then sometimes I dislike it. The only time I truly dislike it is when my score goes down. As to whether it s truly accurate in being a tool to measure one s influence, I m on the fence. It s become my own personal battle, very much like a Catholic trying to decide if there is a God or not. Weird, but true. I highly believe Klout will improve in more ways than one when it comes to measuring one s influence. With the recent change when some people s scores either went drastically down or up , I was convinced that they are still learning and with that learning, comes more improvement. But with that improvement, comes more proof that I may not be as influential as I thought I d be. BUT! At the same time, I feel like I have something to work towards. It s like some sort of weird goal. Congratulations on your Statesman Social Media Award Nomination! Thanks to my dear friend, @UndercoverMexi, I ve been nominated for a Statesman Social Media Award. If you could take a minute or five to vote for Tacos y Gatos, I will be forever thankful and most appreciative. Good luck to all the nominees! Vote HERE ! Lately you ve been blogging about your journey towards health and fitness. I ve personally been inspired by your efforts and steady success. I feel really strongly about promoting health in Austin and in the Hispanic community. The natural place to start is with me! Two places I blog about healthy living are Tacos y Gatos and FitVision . I m super stoked with myself. Three weeks ago, I was barely able to do 20 minutes at a resistance level of 10 on the elliptical. Just this morning, I did a whole hour 4 miles! . It s amazing what our bodies can do if we just push em. Google s recent change in the way they do search has caused ripples in the Social Media world. What are your thoughts Don t get me started on Google ! Actually, I m starting to appreciate the new search. It s interesting to see what my friends and acquaintances have to say about certain things I Google . In all honesty, I don t think it s changed much. Google is, like many other tech companies, evolving. It s seeking to accommodate the needs of others. Some will like it, some won t. Those that don t will later come to appreciate it. Everyone threw a fit about Facebook s Timeline. Now, who s complaining It s a free service. Changes will happen. If anything, we all benefit from changes. We learn to adapt. We learn to grow along with these companies. It s a little thing known the Tech Life. No Comments | Current Events , Fashion , Social Media News Subscribe RSS feed Website Blog Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube Recent Posts SOCIAL INNOVATORS Trina Hernandez Shaking Things Up In Austin Communities are Bullsh t A Deafening Silence The Social Media Battle Against SOPA & PIPA PART I A Deafening Silence The Social Media Battle Against SOPA & PIPA PART II Watch Google Social Search & Google+ How Social Media Marketing Has Changed SEO on YouTube Watch The Future of Online Marketing How Google vs. Microsoft Will Affect SEO & Social Media Marketing on YouTube Archives February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 Categories Current Events Engagement Facebook News Fashion Search Engine Optimization Social Media How To Social Media News The Theory of Social Search Search for company company overview leadership management fact sheet services philosophy cost of a team social media tools measuring analytics measuring ROI resources social media overview social for business case studies blog press video and radio articles events latest tweets Think you\'re addicted to #Facebook One study suggests a chemical reason for it - http //t.co/tBgLsr9Y via @memeburn . Tweet connect contact facebook twitter youtube linkedin 2011 - All Rights Reserved.')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00992', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Bar B Que Equipment Pig Tail Food Flipper to Buy Cheap Pig Tail Food Flipper to Buy Cheapest Prices Pig Tail Food Flipper at Reduced Prices Everything you need to know on Pig Tail Food Flipper product. Learn more about Pig Tail Food Flipper product features, compare similar Pig Tail Food Flipper products, see reviews and price trends, and find the reccommend promotions Pig Tail Food Flipper Shop Online. read more Read the rest of this entry Tags Flipper Weber 7416 Rapidfire Chimney Starter to Buy Lowest Prices Weber 7416 Rapidfire Chimney Starter to Buy And Save Big Weber 7416 Rapidfire Chimney Starter on Deals Everything you need to know on Weber 7416 Rapidfire Chimney Starter product. Read more about Weber 7416 Rapidfire Chimney Starter product features, compare similar Weber 7416 Rapidfire Chimney Starter products, see reviews and price trends, and find the reccommend products Weber 7416 Rapidfire Chimney Starter Shop Online. read more Read the rest of this entry Tags Chimney , Chimney Starter , Lowest , Prices , Prices Lowest , Rapidfire , Starter Weber 7401 Tool Holder to Compare Prices Weber 7401 Tool Holder to Buy Low Price Weber 7401 Tool Holder For Super Save Everything you need to know on Weber 7401 Tool Holder product. Read more about Weber 7401 Tool Holder product features, compare similar Weber 7401 Tool Holder products, see reviews and price trends, and find the hot promotions Weber 7401 Tool Holder Shop Online. read more Read the rest of this entry Tags Compare , Compare Prices , Holder , Prices , Prices Holder PANACEA PRODUCTS CORP, 8 DELUXE LOG RACK W/COVER, Part No. 634592 Catalog Category BAR-B-QUE ACCESSORIES & EQUIPMENT FRYERS to Big Save PANACEA PRODUCTS CORP, 8 DELUXE LOG RACK W/COVER, Part No. 634592 Catalog Category BAR-B-QUE ACCESSORIES & EQUIPMENT FRYERS to Lowest Prices PANACEA PRODUCTS CORP, 8 DELUXE LOG RACK W/COVER, Part No. 634592 Catalog Category BAR-B-QUE ACCESSORIES & EQUIPMENT FRYERS to Big Deals Everything you need to know on PANACEA PRODUCTS CORP, 8 DELUXE LOG RACK W/COVER, Part No. 634592 Catalog Category BAR-B-QUE ACCESSORIES & EQUIPMENT FRYERS product. Read more about PANACEA PRODUCTS CORP, 8 DELUXE LOG RACK W/COVER, Part No. 634592 Catalog Category BAR-B-QUE ACCESSORIES & EQUIPMENT FRYERS product features, compare similar PANACEA PRODUCTS CORP, 8 DELUXE LOG RACK W/COVER, Part No. 634592 Catalog Category BAR-B-QUE ACCESSORIES & EQUIPMENT FRYERS products, see reviews and price trends, and find the best promotions PANACEA PRODUCTS CORP, 8 DELUXE LOG RACK W/COVER, Part No. 634592 Catalog Category BAR-B-QUE ACCESSORIES & EQUIPMENT FRYERS Shop Online. read more Read the rest of this entry Tags 634592 , ACCESSORIES , ACCESSORIES DELUXE , BARBQUE , Catalog , Category , DELUXE , EQUIPMENT , FRYERS , PANACEA , PRODUCTS , PRODUCTS DELUXE , WCOVER Weber 10020 Smokey Joe Silver Charcoal Grill, Black to Enjoy Big Savings Weber 10020 Smokey Joe Silver Charcoal Grill, Black to Buy Cheapest Prices Weber 10020 Smokey Joe Silver Charcoal Grill, Black on Quick shipping Everything you need to know on Weber 10020 Smokey Joe Silver Charcoal Grill, Black product. Search more about Weber 10020 Smokey Joe Silver Charcoal Grill, Black product features, compare similar Weber 10020 Smokey Joe Silver Charcoal Grill, Black products, see reviews and price trends, and find discount Weber 10020 Smokey Joe Silver Charcoal Grill, Black Shop Online. read more Read the rest of this entry Tags Charcoal , Grill , Savings , Savings Grill , Silver , Smokey , Smokey Grill PANACEA PRODUCTS CORP, 4 DELUXE LOG RACK, Part No. 634591 Catalog Category BAR-B-QUE ACCESSORIES & EQUIPMENT FRYERS to Special Prices PANACEA PRODUCTS CORP, 4 DELUXE LOG RACK, Part No. 634591 Catalog Category BAR-B-QUE ACCESSORIES & EQUIPMENT FRYERS to Buy Lowest Prices PANACEA PRODUCTS CORP, 4 DELUXE LOG RACK, Part No. 634591 Catalog Category BAR-B-QUE ACCESSORIES & EQUIPMENT FRYERS at Lowest Prices Everything you need to know on PANACEA PRODUCTS CORP, 4 DELUXE LOG RACK, Part No. 634591 Catalog Category BAR-B-QUE ACCESSORIES & EQUIPMENT FRYERS product. Search more about PANACEA PRODUCTS CORP, 4 DELUXE LOG RACK, Part No. 634591 Catalog Category BAR-B-QUE ACCESSORIES & EQUIPMENT FRYERS product features, compare similar PANACEA PRODUCTS CORP, 4 DELUXE LOG RACK, Part No. 634591 Catalog Category BAR-B-QUE ACCESSORIES & EQUIPMENT FRYERS products, see reviews and price trends, and find the best products PANACEA PRODUCTS CORP, 4 DELUXE LOG RACK, Part No. 634591 Catalog Category BAR-B-QUE ACCESSORIES & EQUIPMENT FRYERS Shop Online. read more Read the rest of this entry Tags 634591 , ACCESSORIES , BARBQUE , Catalog , Catalog Category , Category , DELUXE , DELUXE FRYERS , EQUIPMENT , FRYERS , PANACEA , Prices , PRODUCTS , Special Recent Posts Pig Tail Food Flipper to Buy Cheap Weber 7416 Rapidfire Chimney Starter to Buy Lowest Prices Weber 7401 Tool Holder to Compare Prices PANACEA PRODUCTS CORP, 8 DELUXE LOG RACK W/COVER, Part No. 634592 Catalog Category BAR-B-QUE ACCESSORIES & EQUIPMENT FRYERS to Big Save Weber 10020 Smokey Joe Silver Charcoal Grill, Black to Enjoy Big Savings PANACEA PRODUCTS CORP, 4 DELUXE LOG RACK, Part No. 634591 Catalog Category BAR-B-QUE ACCESSORIES & EQUIPMENT FRYERS to Special Prices Tags ACCESSORIES BARBQUE Catalog Category DELUXE EQUIPMENT FRYERS PANACEA Prices PRODUCTS Powered by WordPress and Created for Bar B Que Equipment | Gas Barbecue Sale http //barbqueequipment.gasbarbecuesale.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com Web Toolbar by Wibiya')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00993', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Bar B Que Equipment Weber 10020 Smokey Joe Silver Charcoal Grill, Black to Enjoy Big Savings PANACEA PRODUCTS CORP, 4 DELUXE LOG RACK, Part No. 634591 Catalog Category BAR-B-QUE ACCESSORIES & EQUIPMENT FRYERS to Special Prices PANACEA PRODUCTS CORP, 4 DELUXE LOG RACK, Part No. 634591 Catalog Category BAR-B-QUE ACCESSORIES & EQUIPMENT FRYERS to Buy Lowest Prices PANACEA PRODUCTS CORP, 4 DELUXE LOG RACK, Part No. 634591 Catalog Category BAR-B-QUE ACCESSORIES & EQUIPMENT FRYERS at Lowest Prices Everything you need to know on PANACEA PRODUCTS CORP, 4 DELUXE LOG RACK, Part No. 634591 Catalog Category BAR-B-QUE ACCESSORIES & EQUIPMENT FRYERS product. Search more about PANACEA PRODUCTS CORP, 4 DELUXE LOG RACK, Part No. 634591 Catalog Category BAR-B-QUE ACCESSORIES & EQUIPMENT FRYERS product features, compare similar PANACEA PRODUCTS CORP, 4 DELUXE LOG RACK, Part No. 634591 Catalog Category BAR-B-QUE ACCESSORIES & EQUIPMENT FRYERS products, see reviews and price trends, and find the best products PANACEA PRODUCTS CORP, 4 DELUXE LOG RACK, Part No. 634591 Catalog Category BAR-B-QUE ACCESSORIES & EQUIPMENT FRYERS Shop Online. read more PANACEA PRODUCTS CORP, 4 DELUXE LOG RACK, Part No. 634591 Catalog Category BAR-B-QUE ACCESSORIES & EQUIPMENT FRYERS description 4 DELUXE LOG RACK. Store, dry and display firewood. Made of thick tubing/ solid steel. Powder coated to withstand the elements. We find bargain price for PANACEA PRODUCTS CORP, 4 DELUXE LOG RACK, Part No. 634591 Catalog Category BAR-B-QUE ACCESSORIES & EQUIPMENT FRYERS with super save shipping, Don\\ t miss this chance !! Great Deal for PANACEA PRODUCTS CORP, 4 DELUXE LOG RACK, Part No. 634591 Catalog Category BAR-B-QUE ACCESSORIES & EQUIPMENT FRYERS . Best Value for PANACEA PRODUCTS CORP, 4 DELUXE LOG RACK, Part No. 634591 Catalog Category BAR-B-QUE ACCESSORIES & EQUIPMENT FRYERS Sale In Stock Now. Cool Savings on PANACEA PRODUCTS CORP, 4 DELUXE LOG RACK, Part No. 634591 Catalog Category BAR-B-QUE ACCESSORIES & EQUIPMENT FRYERS . Purchase Online Special Offer & FAST Shipping Today Helpful Information for Customer Reviews to see what people talking about this product Title 4 37 Relate keywords bar b que equipment,barbecue equipment & supplies,find barbecue equipment,barbecue equipment brand,barbecue equipment brand names,barbecue equipment brand weber,barbecue equipment brand wef,barbecue equipment brand we,barbecue equipment brand hefer,barbecue equipment & supplies,barbecue equipment brand,barbecue equipment brand names,barbecue equipment brand weber,barbecue equipment cooking,find barbecue equipment,barbecue equipment brand hefer,barbecue equipment brand we,barbecue equipment brand wef,barbecue equipment meadow creek Comments Tags 634591 , ACCESSORIES , BARBQUE , Catalog , Catalog Category , Category , DELUXE , DELUXE FRYERS , EQUIPMENT , FRYERS , PANACEA , Prices , PRODUCTS , Special Comments are closed. Recent Posts Pig Tail Food Flipper to Buy Cheap Weber 7416 Rapidfire Chimney Starter to Buy Lowest Prices Weber 7401 Tool Holder to Compare Prices PANACEA PRODUCTS CORP, 8 DELUXE LOG RACK W/COVER, Part No. 634592 Catalog Category BAR-B-QUE ACCESSORIES & EQUIPMENT FRYERS to Big Save Weber 10020 Smokey Joe Silver Charcoal Grill, Black to Enjoy Big Savings PANACEA PRODUCTS CORP, 4 DELUXE LOG RACK, Part No. 634591 Catalog Category BAR-B-QUE ACCESSORIES & EQUIPMENT FRYERS to Special Prices Tags ACCESSORIES BARBQUE Catalog Category DELUXE EQUIPMENT FRYERS PANACEA Prices PRODUCTS Powered by WordPress and Created for Bar B Que Equipment | Gas Barbecue Sale http //barbqueequipment.gasbarbecuesale.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com Web Toolbar by Wibiya')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00994', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Bar B Que Equipment Weber 7416 Rapidfire Chimney Starter to Buy Lowest Prices Pig Tail Food Flipper to Buy Cheap Pig Tail Food Flipper to Buy Cheapest Prices Pig Tail Food Flipper at Reduced Prices Everything you need to know on Pig Tail Food Flipper product. Learn more about Pig Tail Food Flipper product features, compare similar Pig Tail Food Flipper products, see reviews and price trends, and find the reccommend promotions Pig Tail Food Flipper Shop Online. read more Pig Tail Food Flipper description Handy-est Cooking Tool Makes Handling Safer, Faster & Easier We find lowest price for Pig Tail Food Flipper with super save shipping, Don\\ t miss this chance !! Turns, flips, and carries food quickly and safely For grilling and indoor cooking; replaces tongs, forks, spatulas Does not bleed or mark meats Surgical-grade stainless-steel shaft and hook Lifetime replacement guarantee Great Deal for Pig Tail Food Flipper. Best Value for Pig Tail Food Flipper Sale In Stock Now. Buy and Save on Pig Tail Food Flipper . Purchase Online Special Offer & FAST Shipping Today Helpful Information for Customer Reviews to see what people talking about this product Title 4 16 Relate keywords bar b que equipment,barbecue equipment & supplies,find barbecue equipment,barbecue equipment brand,barbecue equipment brand names,barbecue equipment brand weber,barbecue equipment brand wef,barbecue equipment brand we,barbecue equipment brand hefer,barbecue equipment & supplies,barbecue equipment brand,barbecue equipment brand names,barbecue equipment brand weber,barbecue equipment cooking,find barbecue equipment,barbecue equipment brand hefer,barbecue equipment brand we,barbecue equipment brand wef,barbecue equipment meadow creek Comments Tags Flipper Comments are closed. Recent Posts Pig Tail Food Flipper to Buy Cheap Weber 7416 Rapidfire Chimney Starter to Buy Lowest Prices Weber 7401 Tool Holder to Compare Prices PANACEA PRODUCTS CORP, 8 DELUXE LOG RACK W/COVER, Part No. 634592 Catalog Category BAR-B-QUE ACCESSORIES & EQUIPMENT FRYERS to Big Save Weber 10020 Smokey Joe Silver Charcoal Grill, Black to Enjoy Big Savings PANACEA PRODUCTS CORP, 4 DELUXE LOG RACK, Part No. 634591 Catalog Category BAR-B-QUE ACCESSORIES & EQUIPMENT FRYERS to Special Prices Tags ACCESSORIES BARBQUE Catalog Category DELUXE EQUIPMENT FRYERS PANACEA Prices PRODUCTS Powered by WordPress and Created for Bar B Que Equipment | Gas Barbecue Sale http //barbqueequipment.gasbarbecuesale.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com Web Toolbar by Wibiya')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00995', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Bar B Que Equipment PANACEA PRODUCTS CORP, 4 DELUXE LOG RACK, Part No. 634591 Catalog Category BAR-B-QUE ACCESSORIES & EQUIPMENT FRYERS to Special Prices PANACEA PRODUCTS CORP, 8 DELUXE LOG RACK W/COVER, Part No. 634592 Catalog Category BAR-B-QUE ACCESSORIES & EQUIPMENT FRYERS to Big Save Weber 10020 Smokey Joe Silver Charcoal Grill, Black to Enjoy Big Savings Weber 10020 Smokey Joe Silver Charcoal Grill, Black to Buy Cheapest Prices Weber 10020 Smokey Joe Silver Charcoal Grill, Black on Quick shipping Everything you need to know on Weber 10020 Smokey Joe Silver Charcoal Grill, Black product. Search more about Weber 10020 Smokey Joe Silver Charcoal Grill, Black product features, compare similar Weber 10020 Smokey Joe Silver Charcoal Grill, Black products, see reviews and price trends, and find discount Weber 10020 Smokey Joe Silver Charcoal Grill, Black Shop Online. read more Weber 10020 Smokey Joe Silver Charcoal Grill, Black description If you want to grill in the wild, at the shore, or wherever the party is happening, then you re in luck. Weber Go-Anywhere Grills live up to both their name and their fame Weber quality in a portable package. We find lowest price for Weber 10020 Smokey Joe Silver Charcoal Grill, Black with super save shipping, Don\\ t miss this chance !! The Weber Smokey Joe charcoal grill is an ideal portable grill for cookouts, tailgate parties, and car camping The glass reinforced nylon handle allows you to easily remove the lid as needed The cooking grate measures 14-1/2-inch diameter and is triple nickel-plated The porcelain enameled coating prevents rust and fading 10-year limited warranty Great Prices for Weber 10020 Smokey Joe Silver Charcoal Grill, Black. Big Saving Prices on Weber 10020 Smokey Joe Silver Charcoal Grill, Black Sale In Stock Now. Cool Savings on Weber 10020 Smokey Joe Silver Charcoal Grill, Black . Purchase Online Special Offer & FAST Shipping Today Helpful Information for Customer Reviews to see what people talking about this product Title 4 15 Relate keywords bar b que equipment,barbecue equipment & supplies,find barbecue equipment,barbecue equipment brand,barbecue equipment brand names,barbecue equipment brand weber,barbecue equipment brand wef,barbecue equipment brand we,barbecue equipment brand hefer,barbecue equipment & supplies,barbecue equipment brand,barbecue equipment brand names,barbecue equipment brand weber,barbecue equipment cooking,find barbecue equipment,barbecue equipment brand hefer,barbecue equipment brand we,barbecue equipment brand wef,barbecue equipment meadow creek Comments Tags Charcoal , Grill , Savings , Savings Grill , Silver , Smokey , Smokey Grill Comments are closed. Recent Posts Pig Tail Food Flipper to Buy Cheap Weber 7416 Rapidfire Chimney Starter to Buy Lowest Prices Weber 7401 Tool Holder to Compare Prices PANACEA PRODUCTS CORP, 8 DELUXE LOG RACK W/COVER, Part No. 634592 Catalog Category BAR-B-QUE ACCESSORIES & EQUIPMENT FRYERS to Big Save Weber 10020 Smokey Joe Silver Charcoal Grill, Black to Enjoy Big Savings PANACEA PRODUCTS CORP, 4 DELUXE LOG RACK, Part No. 634591 Catalog Category BAR-B-QUE ACCESSORIES & EQUIPMENT FRYERS to Special Prices Tags ACCESSORIES BARBQUE Catalog Category DELUXE EQUIPMENT FRYERS PANACEA Prices PRODUCTS Powered by WordPress and Created for Bar B Que Equipment | Gas Barbecue Sale http //barbqueequipment.gasbarbecuesale.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com Web Toolbar by Wibiya')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00996', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Bar B Que Equipment PANACEA PRODUCTS CORP, 8 DELUXE LOG RACK W/COVER, Part No. 634592 Catalog Category BAR-B-QUE ACCESSORIES & EQUIPMENT FRYERS to Big Save Weber 7416 Rapidfire Chimney Starter to Buy Lowest Prices Weber 7401 Tool Holder to Compare Prices Weber 7401 Tool Holder to Buy Low Price Weber 7401 Tool Holder For Super Save Everything you need to know on Weber 7401 Tool Holder product. Read more about Weber 7401 Tool Holder product features, compare similar Weber 7401 Tool Holder products, see reviews and price trends, and find the hot promotions Weber 7401 Tool Holder Shop Online. read more Weber 7401 Tool Holder description Keep tools handy with this nickel-plated holder. Fits 18-1/2- and 22-1/2-inch kettles. We find special price for Weber 7401 Tool Holder with super save shipping, Don\\ t miss this chance !! Made of bright nickel-plated steel Fits all Weber 18-1/2-inch and 22-1/2-inch kettles Keeps tools within easy reach Big Deal with Weber 7401 Tool Holder. Save Price for Selections of Weber 7401 Tool Holder Sale In Stock Now. Big Save on Weber 7401 Tool Holder . Purchase Online Special Offer & FAST Shipping Today Helpful Information for Customer Reviews to see what people talking about this product Title 4 26 Relate keywords bar b que equipment,barbecue equipment & supplies,find barbecue equipment,barbecue equipment brand,barbecue equipment brand names,barbecue equipment brand weber,barbecue equipment brand wef,barbecue equipment brand we,barbecue equipment brand hefer,barbecue equipment & supplies,barbecue equipment brand,barbecue equipment brand names,barbecue equipment brand weber,barbecue equipment cooking,find barbecue equipment,barbecue equipment brand hefer,barbecue equipment brand we,barbecue equipment brand wef,barbecue equipment meadow creek Comments Tags Compare , Compare Prices , Holder , Prices , Prices Holder Comments are closed. Recent Posts Pig Tail Food Flipper to Buy Cheap Weber 7416 Rapidfire Chimney Starter to Buy Lowest Prices Weber 7401 Tool Holder to Compare Prices PANACEA PRODUCTS CORP, 8 DELUXE LOG RACK W/COVER, Part No. 634592 Catalog Category BAR-B-QUE ACCESSORIES & EQUIPMENT FRYERS to Big Save Weber 10020 Smokey Joe Silver Charcoal Grill, Black to Enjoy Big Savings PANACEA PRODUCTS CORP, 4 DELUXE LOG RACK, Part No. 634591 Catalog Category BAR-B-QUE ACCESSORIES & EQUIPMENT FRYERS to Special Prices Tags ACCESSORIES BARBQUE Catalog Category DELUXE EQUIPMENT FRYERS PANACEA Prices PRODUCTS Powered by WordPress and Created for Bar B Que Equipment | Gas Barbecue Sale http //barbqueequipment.gasbarbecuesale.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com Web Toolbar by Wibiya')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00997', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Bar B Que Equipment Weber 7401 Tool Holder to Compare Prices Pig Tail Food Flipper to Buy Cheap Weber 7416 Rapidfire Chimney Starter to Buy Lowest Prices Weber 7416 Rapidfire Chimney Starter to Buy And Save Big Weber 7416 Rapidfire Chimney Starter on Deals Everything you need to know on Weber 7416 Rapidfire Chimney Starter product. Read more about Weber 7416 Rapidfire Chimney Starter product features, compare similar Weber 7416 Rapidfire Chimney Starter products, see reviews and price trends, and find the reccommend products Weber 7416 Rapidfire Chimney Starter Shop Online. read more Weber 7416 Rapidfire Chimney Starter description Weber s chimney starter makes starting your charcoal a snap. It also cuts down the amount of time it takes for the coals to get ready. Just load up our extra large cannister full of coals, light up a fire starter or crinkled up newspaper, and set the cannister over the flame. In a matter of minutes the coals will be red hot. Who ever thought it could be so easy We find low price for Weber 7416 Rapidfire Chimney Starter with super save shipping, Don\\ t miss this chance !! Chimney starter system lights charcoal quickly and evenly Made from aluminized steel with a stay-cool thermoplastic handle Holds enough briquettes for a 22-1/2-inch kettle grill Cone bottom ensures a fast start; eliminates need for lighter fluid Measures 7-1/2 by 7-1/2 by 12 inches Great Prices for Weber 7416 Rapidfire Chimney Starter. Save Price for Selections of Weber 7416 Rapidfire Chimney Starter Sale In Stock Now. Enjoy Savings on Weber 7416 Rapidfire Chimney Starter . Purchase Online Special Offer & FAST Shipping Today Helpful Information for Customer Reviews to see what people talking about this product Title 4 23 Relate keywords bar b que equipment,barbecue equipment & supplies,find barbecue equipment,barbecue equipment brand,barbecue equipment brand names,barbecue equipment brand weber,barbecue equipment brand wef,barbecue equipment brand we,barbecue equipment brand hefer,barbecue equipment & supplies,barbecue equipment brand,barbecue equipment brand names,barbecue equipment brand weber,barbecue equipment cooking,find barbecue equipment,barbecue equipment brand hefer,barbecue equipment brand we,barbecue equipment brand wef,barbecue equipment meadow creek Comments Tags Chimney , Chimney Starter , Lowest , Prices , Prices Lowest , Rapidfire , Starter Comments are closed. Recent Posts Pig Tail Food Flipper to Buy Cheap Weber 7416 Rapidfire Chimney Starter to Buy Lowest Prices Weber 7401 Tool Holder to Compare Prices PANACEA PRODUCTS CORP, 8 DELUXE LOG RACK W/COVER, Part No. 634592 Catalog Category BAR-B-QUE ACCESSORIES & EQUIPMENT FRYERS to Big Save Weber 10020 Smokey Joe Silver Charcoal Grill, Black to Enjoy Big Savings PANACEA PRODUCTS CORP, 4 DELUXE LOG RACK, Part No. 634591 Catalog Category BAR-B-QUE ACCESSORIES & EQUIPMENT FRYERS to Special Prices Tags ACCESSORIES BARBQUE Catalog Category DELUXE EQUIPMENT FRYERS PANACEA Prices PRODUCTS Powered by WordPress and Created for Bar B Que Equipment | Gas Barbecue Sale http //barbqueequipment.gasbarbecuesale.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com Web Toolbar by Wibiya')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-00999', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Bean Pots Cast Iron Nordic Ware Grilling Essentials Cast Bean Pot Save Price with Promotion Today Buy and Save on Nordic Ware Grilling Essentials Cast Bean Pot A Top Supplier of Nordic Ware Grilling Essentials Cast Bean Pot. We Offer Nordic Ware Grilling Essentials Cast Bean Pot For Sale I read a lot of the Nordic Ware Grilling Essentials Cast Bean Pot bargain price reviews and comparison before I bought this. Don t spend more than you have to! I already done the research for you. Read Here where to buy Nordic Ware Grilling Essentials Cast Bean Pot at REASONABLE Cost! Visit the new arrival in Nordic Ware Grilling Essentials Cast Bean Pot list for authoritative information on this product current rank. read more Read the rest of this entry Tags Essentials , Grilling , Grilling Nordic , Nordic , Promotion Le Creuset Heritage Collection Enameled Cast-Iron 2-Quart Legumier, Cobalt Online Shopping Save Big on Le Creuset Heritage Collection Enameled Cast-Iron 2-Quart Legumier, Cobalt Great Selection of Top Le Creuset Heritage Collection Enameled Cast-Iron 2-Quart Legumier, Cobalt. We Offer Le Creuset Heritage Collection Enameled Cast-Iron 2-Quart Legumier, Cobalt Deals on Selection I read a lot of the Le Creuset Heritage Collection Enameled Cast-Iron 2-Quart Legumier, Cobalt discount price reviews and comparison before I bought this. Don t spend more than you have to! I already done the research for you. Read Here where to buy Le Creuset Heritage Collection Enameled Cast-Iron 2-Quart Legumier, Cobalt at The SPECIAL Prices! Visit the bestsellers in Le Creuset Heritage Collection Enameled Cast-Iron 2-Quart Legumier, Cobalt list for authoritative information on this product current rank. read more Read the rest of this entry Tags 2Quart , CastIron , Cobalt , Collection , Collection Creuset , Creuset , Creuset CastIron , Enameled , Heritage , Legumier , Online , Shopping Le Creuset Enameled Cast-Iron 7-1/4-Quart Round French Oven, Cherry Red Save Price Shopping Online Save Big on Le Creuset Enameled Cast-Iron 7-1/4-Quart Round French Oven, Cherry Red Find Deals on Le Creuset Enameled Cast-Iron 7-1/4-Quart Round French Oven, Cherry Red. We Offer Le Creuset Enameled Cast-Iron 7-1/4-Quart Round French Oven, Cherry Red For Shopping Deals I read a lot of the Le Creuset Enameled Cast-Iron 7-1/4-Quart Round French Oven, Cherry Red affordable price reviews before I bought this. Don t spend more than you have to! I already done the research for you. Read Here where to buy Le Creuset Enameled Cast-Iron 7-1/4-Quart Round French Oven, Cherry Red at The CRAZY Prices! Visit the bestsellers in Le Creuset Enameled Cast-Iron 7-1/4-Quart Round French Oven, Cherry Red list for authoritative information on this product current rank. read more Read the rest of this entry Tags 714Quart , CastIron , Cherry , Creuset , Enameled , French , French CastIron , Online , Shopping , Shopping 714Quart Joyce Chen J90-0704 6-Quart Stoneware Chinese Cooking Pot, Black Cheapest Prices Deals on Joyce Chen J90-0704 6-Quart Stoneware Chinese Cooking Pot, Black Cool Savings on Joyce Chen J90-0704 6-Quart Stoneware Chinese Cooking Pot, Black. We Offer Joyce Chen J90-0704 6-Quart Stoneware Chinese Cooking Pot, Black For Sale I read a lot of the Joyce Chen J90-0704 6-Quart Stoneware Chinese Cooking Pot, Black great price reviews before I bought this. Don t spend more than you have to! I already done the research for you. Read Here where to buy Joyce Chen J90-0704 6-Quart Stoneware Chinese Cooking Pot, Black at The CHEAPEST Prices! Visit the top products in Joyce Chen J90-0704 6-Quart Stoneware Chinese Cooking Pot, Black list for authoritative information on this product current rank. read more Read the rest of this entry Tags 6Quart , Cheapest , Chinese , Cooking , Cooking Prices , Cooking Stoneware , J900704 , Prices , Stoneware LE CREUSET Enameled Cast Iron 4-1/4 Quart Soup Pot Blue Online Shopping Super Low Prices LE CREUSET Enameled Cast Iron 4-1/4 Quart Soup Pot Blue Compare And Save on LE CREUSET Enameled Cast Iron 4-1/4 Quart Soup Pot Blue. We Offer LE CREUSET Enameled Cast Iron 4-1/4 Quart Soup Pot Blue on Discount I read a lot of the LE CREUSET Enameled Cast Iron 4-1/4 Quart Soup Pot Blue cheap price reviews before I bought this. Don t spend more than you have to! I already done the research for you. Read Here where to buy LE CREUSET Enameled Cast Iron 4-1/4 Quart Soup Pot Blue at The INCREDIBLE Prices! Visit the hot promotions in LE CREUSET Enameled Cast Iron 4-1/4 Quart Soup Pot Blue list for authoritative information on this product current rank. read more Read the rest of this entry Tags Creuset , CREUSET Enameled , Enameled , Online , Online Enameled , Shopping Bayou Classic 7448, 2.5-Qt. Cast Iron Bean Pot with Lid Online Shopping Best Buy Bayou Classic 7448, 2.5-Qt. Cast Iron Bean Pot with Lid Big Save on Bayou Classic 7448, 2.5-Qt. Cast Iron Bean Pot with Lid. We Offer Bayou Classic 7448, 2.5-Qt. Cast Iron Bean Pot with Lid to Deep Discounts I read a lot of the Bayou Classic 7448, 2.5-Qt. Cast Iron Bean Pot with Lid great price reviews and comparison before I bought this. Don t spend more than you have to! I already done the research for you. Read Here where to buy Bayou Classic 7448, 2.5-Qt. Cast Iron Bean Pot with Lid at The GREAT Prices! Visit the reccommend products in Bayou Classic 7448, 2.5-Qt. Cast Iron Bean Pot with Lid list for authoritative information on this product current rank. read more Read the rest of this entry Tags 25Qt , Classic , Classic 25Qt , Online , Online 25Qt , Shopping Le Creuset Enameled Cast-Iron 7-1/4-Quart Round French Oven, Cherry Red Get Discount Great Selection of Le Creuset Enameled Cast-Iron 7-1/4-Quart Round French Oven, Cherry Red Great Deals on Le Creuset Enameled Cast-Iron 7-1/4-Quart Round French Oven, Cherry Red. We Offer Le Creuset Enameled Cast-Iron 7-1/4-Quart Round French Oven, Cherry Red Hot Deals I read a lot of the Le Creuset Enameled Cast-Iron 7-1/4-Quart Round French Oven, Cherry Red great price reviews and comparison before I bought this. Don t spend more than you have to! I already done the research for you. Read Here where to buy Le Creuset Enameled Cast-Iron 7-1/4-Quart Round French Oven, Cherry Red at The CRAZY Prices! Visit the promotions in Le Creuset Enameled Cast-Iron 7-1/4-Quart Round French Oven, Cherry Red list for authoritative information on this product current rank. read more Read the rest of this entry Tags 714Quart , CastIron , CastIron 714Quart , Cherry , Creuset , Discount , Enameled , Enameled CastIron , French Recent Posts Nordic Ware Grilling Essentials Cast Bean Pot Save Price with Promotion Today Le Creuset Heritage Collection Enameled Cast-Iron 2-Quart Legumier, Cobalt Online Shopping Le Creuset Enameled Cast-Iron 7-1/4-Quart Round French Oven, Cherry Red Save Price Shopping Online Joyce Chen J90-0704 6-Quart Stoneware Chinese Cooking Pot, Black Cheapest Prices LE CREUSET Enameled Cast Iron 4-1/4 Quart Soup Pot Blue Online Shopping Bayou Classic 7448, 2.5-Qt. Cast Iron Bean Pot with Lid Online Shopping Le Creuset Enameled Cast-Iron 7-1/4-Quart Round French Oven, Cherry Red Get Discount Tags 714Quart CastIron CastIron 714Quart Cherry Creuset Discount Enameled French Online Shopping Powered by WordPress and Created for Bean Pots Cast Iron | Waffle Iron Shapes http //beanpotscastiron.waffleironshapes.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com Web Toolbar by Wibiya')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01000', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Bean Pots Cast Iron Le Creuset Enameled Cast-Iron 7-1/4-Quart Round French Oven, Cherry Red Get Discount LE CREUSET Enameled Cast Iron 4-1/4 Quart Soup Pot Blue Online Shopping Bayou Classic 7448, 2.5-Qt. Cast Iron Bean Pot with Lid Online Shopping Best Buy Bayou Classic 7448, 2.5-Qt. Cast Iron Bean Pot with Lid Big Save on Bayou Classic 7448, 2.5-Qt. Cast Iron Bean Pot with Lid. We Offer Bayou Classic 7448, 2.5-Qt. Cast Iron Bean Pot with Lid to Deep Discounts I read a lot of the Bayou Classic 7448, 2.5-Qt. Cast Iron Bean Pot with Lid great price reviews and comparison before I bought this. Don t spend more than you have to! I already done the research for you. Read Here where to buy Bayou Classic 7448, 2.5-Qt. Cast Iron Bean Pot with Lid at The GREAT Prices! Visit the reccommend products in Bayou Classic 7448, 2.5-Qt. Cast Iron Bean Pot with Lid list for authoritative information on this product current rank. read more Bayou Classic cast iron cookware is made heavy-duty, rough and rugged. This 2.5-qt. covered pot is ideal for beans and chili. See More Images Bayou Classic 7448, 2.5-Qt. Cast Iron Bean Pot with Lid | Best Offer Promotion at Shop Online Price List $35.00 GET DISCOUNT / FREE SHIPPING See Best Price Bayou Classic 7448, 2.5-Qt. Cast Iron Bean Pot with Lid Product Feature Bayou Classic 2-1/2-quart cast-iron pot with lid is great to use as a sauce pot There are handles on both the cast-iron skillet and on the cast-iron lid for easy use Features a sleek, cast-iron design Weighs 8-7/10 pounds I have tried to find information for Bayou Classic 7448, 2.5-Qt. Cast Iron Bean Pot with Lid on the Internet. There are a lot amazing price as well. You can order a Bayou Classic 7448, 2.5-Qt. Cast Iron Bean Pot with Lid in the best best price of the web site, Amazon, you will not hesitate a moment. HOT ITEM LIKE THIS TEND TO SELL OUT VERY QUICKLY Title 4 24 Relate keywords bean pots cast iron,ebay cast iron,cookware cast iron,crocks cast iron,bed bath and beyond cast iron,kohls cast iron,bean pots brass,bean pots gas,bean pots metal,bean pots porcelain,bean pots copper,bean pot recipes cast iron,walmart cast iron,bean pots cast aluminum,bean pots dutch oven,bean pots stainless steel,pottery cast iron,williams sonoma cast iron,bean pots steel,bean pots cast iron camp,bean pots cast iron covered Comments Tags 25Qt , Classic , Classic 25Qt , Online , Online 25Qt , Shopping Comments are closed. Recent Posts Nordic Ware Grilling Essentials Cast Bean Pot Save Price with Promotion Today Le Creuset Heritage Collection Enameled Cast-Iron 2-Quart Legumier, Cobalt Online Shopping Le Creuset Enameled Cast-Iron 7-1/4-Quart Round French Oven, Cherry Red Save Price Shopping Online Joyce Chen J90-0704 6-Quart Stoneware Chinese Cooking Pot, Black Cheapest Prices LE CREUSET Enameled Cast Iron 4-1/4 Quart Soup Pot Blue Online Shopping Bayou Classic 7448, 2.5-Qt. Cast Iron Bean Pot with Lid Online Shopping Le Creuset Enameled Cast-Iron 7-1/4-Quart Round French Oven, Cherry Red Get Discount Tags 714Quart CastIron CastIron 714Quart Cherry Creuset Discount Enameled French Online Shopping Powered by WordPress and Created for Bean Pots Cast Iron | Waffle Iron Shapes http //beanpotscastiron.waffleironshapes.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com Web Toolbar by Wibiya')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01001', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Bean Pots Cast Iron Bayou Classic 7448, 2.5-Qt. Cast Iron Bean Pot with Lid Online Shopping Le Creuset Enameled Cast-Iron 7-1/4-Quart Round French Oven, Cherry Red Get Discount Great Selection of Le Creuset Enameled Cast-Iron 7-1/4-Quart Round French Oven, Cherry Red Great Deals on Le Creuset Enameled Cast-Iron 7-1/4-Quart Round French Oven, Cherry Red. We Offer Le Creuset Enameled Cast-Iron 7-1/4-Quart Round French Oven, Cherry Red Hot Deals I read a lot of the Le Creuset Enameled Cast-Iron 7-1/4-Quart Round French Oven, Cherry Red great price reviews and comparison before I bought this. Don t spend more than you have to! I already done the research for you. Read Here where to buy Le Creuset Enameled Cast-Iron 7-1/4-Quart Round French Oven, Cherry Red at The CRAZY Prices! Visit the promotions in Le Creuset Enameled Cast-Iron 7-1/4-Quart Round French Oven, Cherry Red list for authoritative information on this product current rank. read more Since 1925, Le Creuset has been handcrafting Enameled Cast Iron cookware, and particularly Round French Ovens or Dutch Ovens , in Northern France. While this popular shape has been around for many centuries before that, the basic design has changed very little thus endorsing the cooking qualities that it provides. Generation after generation has come to cherish the Le Creuset Round French Oven s quality, durability, and versatility, and it easily becomes the core piece in any well-equipped kitchen. The cast iron provides superb heat retention and distribution, and the enamel is hard-wearing and non-reactive, making the number of recipes that you can do in this pot endless anything from savory rice to braised chicken to mouth-watering cake. Your imagination is the only limit!. See More Images Le Creuset Enameled Cast-Iron 7-1/4-Quart Round French Oven, Cherry Red | Promotion Today at Shop Online Price List $375.00 GET DISCOUNT / FREE SHIPPING See Best Price Le Creuset Enameled Cast-Iron 7-1/4-Quart Round French Oven, Cherry Red Product Feature 7-1/4-quart round-shaped French oven made of enameled cast iron Cast-iron loop side handles; black, phenolic, stay-cool lid knob Heavy, tight-fitting lid helps lock in heat, moisture, and flavor Washing by hand recommended; oven-safe to 350 degrees F Measures 11-3/5 by 14 by 7 inches; limited lifetime warranty I have tried to find information for Le Creuset Enameled Cast-Iron 7-1/4-Quart Round French Oven, Cherry Red on the Internet. There are a lot reduced price as well. You can buy a Le Creuset Enameled Cast-Iron 7-1/4-Quart Round French Oven, Cherry Red in the best best price of the web site, Amazon, you will not hesitate a moment. HOT ITEM LIKE THIS TEND TO SELL OUT VERY QUICKLY Title 4 34 Relate keywords bean pots cast iron,ebay cast iron,cookware cast iron,crocks cast iron,bed bath and beyond cast iron,kohls cast iron,bean pots brass,bean pots gas,bean pots metal,bean pots porcelain,bean pots copper,bean pot recipes cast iron,walmart cast iron,bean pots cast aluminum,bean pots dutch oven,bean pots stainless steel,pottery cast iron,williams sonoma cast iron,bean pots steel,bean pots cast iron camp,bean pots cast iron covered Comments Tags 714Quart , CastIron , CastIron 714Quart , Cherry , Creuset , Discount , Enameled , Enameled CastIron , French Comments are closed. Recent Posts Nordic Ware Grilling Essentials Cast Bean Pot Save Price with Promotion Today Le Creuset Heritage Collection Enameled Cast-Iron 2-Quart Legumier, Cobalt Online Shopping Le Creuset Enameled Cast-Iron 7-1/4-Quart Round French Oven, Cherry Red Save Price Shopping Online Joyce Chen J90-0704 6-Quart Stoneware Chinese Cooking Pot, Black Cheapest Prices LE CREUSET Enameled Cast Iron 4-1/4 Quart Soup Pot Blue Online Shopping Bayou Classic 7448, 2.5-Qt. Cast Iron Bean Pot with Lid Online Shopping Le Creuset Enameled Cast-Iron 7-1/4-Quart Round French Oven, Cherry Red Get Discount Tags 714Quart CastIron CastIron 714Quart Cherry Creuset Discount Enameled French Online Shopping Powered by WordPress and Created for Bean Pots Cast Iron | Waffle Iron Shapes http //beanpotscastiron.waffleironshapes.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com Web Toolbar by Wibiya')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01002', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Bean Pots Cast Iron Joyce Chen J90-0704 6-Quart Stoneware Chinese Cooking Pot, Black Cheapest Prices Le Creuset Heritage Collection Enameled Cast-Iron 2-Quart Legumier, Cobalt Online Shopping Le Creuset Enameled Cast-Iron 7-1/4-Quart Round French Oven, Cherry Red Save Price Shopping Online Save Big on Le Creuset Enameled Cast-Iron 7-1/4-Quart Round French Oven, Cherry Red Find Deals on Le Creuset Enameled Cast-Iron 7-1/4-Quart Round French Oven, Cherry Red. We Offer Le Creuset Enameled Cast-Iron 7-1/4-Quart Round French Oven, Cherry Red For Shopping Deals I read a lot of the Le Creuset Enameled Cast-Iron 7-1/4-Quart Round French Oven, Cherry Red affordable price reviews before I bought this. Don t spend more than you have to! I already done the research for you. Read Here where to buy Le Creuset Enameled Cast-Iron 7-1/4-Quart Round French Oven, Cherry Red at The CRAZY Prices! Visit the bestsellers in Le Creuset Enameled Cast-Iron 7-1/4-Quart Round French Oven, Cherry Red list for authoritative information on this product current rank. read more Since 1925, Le Creuset has been handcrafting Enameled Cast Iron cookware, and particularly Round French Ovens or Dutch Ovens , in Northern France. While this popular shape has been around for many centuries before that, the basic design has changed very little thus endorsing the cooking qualities that it provides. Generation after generation has come to cherish the Le Creuset Round French Oven s quality, durability, and versatility, and it easily becomes the core piece in any well-equipped kitchen. The cast iron provides superb heat retention and distribution, and the enamel is hard-wearing and non-reactive, making the number of recipes that you can do in this pot endless anything from savory rice to braised chicken to mouth-watering cake. Your imagination is the only limit!. See More Images Le Creuset Enameled Cast-Iron 7-1/4-Quart Round French Oven, Cherry Red | Save Price Shopping Online at Shop Online Price List $375.00 GET DISCOUNT / FREE SHIPPING See Best Price Le Creuset Enameled Cast-Iron 7-1/4-Quart Round French Oven, Cherry Red Product Feature 7-1/4-quart round-shaped French oven made of enameled cast iron Cast-iron loop side handles; black, phenolic, stay-cool lid knob Heavy, tight-fitting lid helps lock in heat, moisture, and flavor Washing by hand recommended; oven-safe to 350 degrees F Measures 11-3/5 by 14 by 7 inches; limited lifetime warranty I have tried to find information for Le Creuset Enameled Cast-Iron 7-1/4-Quart Round French Oven, Cherry Red on the Internet. There are a lot affordable price as well. You can purchase a Le Creuset Enameled Cast-Iron 7-1/4-Quart Round French Oven, Cherry Red in the best reasonable price of the web site, Amazon, you will not hesitate a moment. HOT ITEM LIKE THIS TEND TO SELL OUT VERY QUICKLY Title 4 29 Relate keywords bean pots cast iron,ebay cast iron,cookware cast iron,crocks cast iron,bed bath and beyond cast iron,kohls cast iron,bean pots brass,bean pots gas,bean pots metal,bean pots porcelain,bean pots copper,bean pot recipes cast iron,walmart cast iron,bean pots cast aluminum,bean pots dutch oven,bean pots stainless steel,pottery cast iron,williams sonoma cast iron,bean pots steel,bean pots cast iron camp,bean pots cast iron covered Comments Tags 714Quart , CastIron , Cherry , Creuset , Enameled , French , French CastIron , Online , Shopping , Shopping 714Quart Comments are closed. Recent Posts Nordic Ware Grilling Essentials Cast Bean Pot Save Price with Promotion Today Le Creuset Heritage Collection Enameled Cast-Iron 2-Quart Legumier, Cobalt Online Shopping Le Creuset Enameled Cast-Iron 7-1/4-Quart Round French Oven, Cherry Red Save Price Shopping Online Joyce Chen J90-0704 6-Quart Stoneware Chinese Cooking Pot, Black Cheapest Prices LE CREUSET Enameled Cast Iron 4-1/4 Quart Soup Pot Blue Online Shopping Bayou Classic 7448, 2.5-Qt. Cast Iron Bean Pot with Lid Online Shopping Le Creuset Enameled Cast-Iron 7-1/4-Quart Round French Oven, Cherry Red Get Discount Tags 714Quart CastIron CastIron 714Quart Cherry Creuset Discount Enameled French Online Shopping Powered by WordPress and Created for Bean Pots Cast Iron | Waffle Iron Shapes http //beanpotscastiron.waffleironshapes.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com Web Toolbar by Wibiya')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01003', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Bean Pots Cast Iron Le Creuset Enameled Cast-Iron 7-1/4-Quart Round French Oven, Cherry Red Save Price Shopping Online Nordic Ware Grilling Essentials Cast Bean Pot Save Price with Promotion Today Le Creuset Heritage Collection Enameled Cast-Iron 2-Quart Legumier, Cobalt Online Shopping Save Big on Le Creuset Heritage Collection Enameled Cast-Iron 2-Quart Legumier, Cobalt Great Selection of Top Le Creuset Heritage Collection Enameled Cast-Iron 2-Quart Legumier, Cobalt. We Offer Le Creuset Heritage Collection Enameled Cast-Iron 2-Quart Legumier, Cobalt Deals on Selection I read a lot of the Le Creuset Heritage Collection Enameled Cast-Iron 2-Quart Legumier, Cobalt discount price reviews and comparison before I bought this. Don t spend more than you have to! I already done the research for you. Read Here where to buy Le Creuset Heritage Collection Enameled Cast-Iron 2-Quart Legumier, Cobalt at The SPECIAL Prices! Visit the bestsellers in Le Creuset Heritage Collection Enameled Cast-Iron 2-Quart Legumier, Cobalt list for authoritative information on this product current rank. read more Forged and crafted by hand since 1925, Le Creuset Enameled Cast Iron cookware is a masterpiece. Each pieces is formed in its own sand mold and skillfully hand finished by more than 30 craftsmen. The result is a superior quality cookware that will provide a lifetime of everyday use. See More Images Le Creuset Heritage Collection Enameled Cast-Iron 2-Quart Legumier, Cobalt | Save Price with Promotion Today at Shop Online Price List $215.00 GET DISCOUNT / FREE SHIPPING See Best Price Le Creuset Heritage Collection Enameled Cast-Iron 2-Quart Legumier, Cobalt Product Feature Classic 2-quart legumier made of enameled cast iron Half-circle side handles ensure a secure grip during transport Loop-handled lid helps trap heat, moisture, and nutrients Hand washing recommended; safe at any oven temperature Measures approximately 7-4/5 by 7-2/5 by 5 inches I have tried to find information for Le Creuset Heritage Collection Enameled Cast-Iron 2-Quart Legumier, Cobalt on the Internet. There are a lot special price as well. You can order a Le Creuset Heritage Collection Enameled Cast-Iron 2-Quart Legumier, Cobalt in the best affordable price of the web site, Amazon, you will not hesitate a moment. HOT ITEM LIKE THIS TEND TO SELL OUT VERY QUICKLY Title 4 37 Relate keywords bean pots cast iron,ebay cast iron,cookware cast iron,crocks cast iron,bed bath and beyond cast iron,kohls cast iron,bean pots brass,bean pots gas,bean pots metal,bean pots porcelain,bean pots copper,bean pot recipes cast iron,walmart cast iron,bean pots cast aluminum,bean pots dutch oven,bean pots stainless steel,pottery cast iron,williams sonoma cast iron,bean pots steel,bean pots cast iron camp,bean pots cast iron covered Comments Tags 2Quart , CastIron , Cobalt , Collection , Collection Creuset , Creuset , Creuset CastIron , Enameled , Heritage , Legumier , Online , Shopping Comments are closed. Recent Posts Nordic Ware Grilling Essentials Cast Bean Pot Save Price with Promotion Today Le Creuset Heritage Collection Enameled Cast-Iron 2-Quart Legumier, Cobalt Online Shopping Le Creuset Enameled Cast-Iron 7-1/4-Quart Round French Oven, Cherry Red Save Price Shopping Online Joyce Chen J90-0704 6-Quart Stoneware Chinese Cooking Pot, Black Cheapest Prices LE CREUSET Enameled Cast Iron 4-1/4 Quart Soup Pot Blue Online Shopping Bayou Classic 7448, 2.5-Qt. Cast Iron Bean Pot with Lid Online Shopping Le Creuset Enameled Cast-Iron 7-1/4-Quart Round French Oven, Cherry Red Get Discount Tags 714Quart CastIron CastIron 714Quart Cherry Creuset Discount Enameled French Online Shopping Powered by WordPress and Created for Bean Pots Cast Iron | Waffle Iron Shapes http //beanpotscastiron.waffleironshapes.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com Web Toolbar by Wibiya')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01004', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Bean Pots Cast Iron Le Creuset Heritage Collection Enameled Cast-Iron 2-Quart Legumier, Cobalt Online Shopping Nordic Ware Grilling Essentials Cast Bean Pot Save Price with Promotion Today Buy and Save on Nordic Ware Grilling Essentials Cast Bean Pot A Top Supplier of Nordic Ware Grilling Essentials Cast Bean Pot. We Offer Nordic Ware Grilling Essentials Cast Bean Pot For Sale I read a lot of the Nordic Ware Grilling Essentials Cast Bean Pot bargain price reviews and comparison before I bought this. Don t spend more than you have to! I already done the research for you. Read Here where to buy Nordic Ware Grilling Essentials Cast Bean Pot at REASONABLE Cost! Visit the new arrival in Nordic Ware Grilling Essentials Cast Bean Pot list for authoritative information on this product current rank. read more The Nordic Ware Grilling Essentials line is perfect for grilltop cooking. This professional restaurant style cast bean pot is great for outdoor or indoor use with its stay cool removable grip. Features non-stick surface and unique design to add flavor and improve cooking. This cast bean pot is grill safe and can withstand high temperatures. Proudly made in the USA by Nordic Ware. See More Images Nordic Ware Grilling Essentials Cast Bean Pot | Save Price Shopping Online at Shop Online Price List $26.00 GET DISCOUNT / FREE SHIPPING See Best Price Nordic Ware Grilling Essentials Cast Bean Pot Product Feature 1-1/2-quart bean pot for indoor or outdoor cooking Heavy cast-aluminum provides even heat Non-stick surfaces provide easy food release and cleanup Great to use for beans, sauces, or appetizers Made in the USA I have tried to find information for Nordic Ware Grilling Essentials Cast Bean Pot on the Internet. There are a lot special price as well. You can purchase a Nordic Ware Grilling Essentials Cast Bean Pot in the best affordable price of the web site, Amazon, you will not hesitate a moment. HOT ITEM LIKE THIS TEND TO SELL OUT VERY QUICKLY Title 4 25 Relate keywords bean pots cast iron,ebay cast iron,cookware cast iron,crocks cast iron,bed bath and beyond cast iron,kohls cast iron,bean pots brass,bean pots gas,bean pots metal,bean pots porcelain,bean pots copper,bean pot recipes cast iron,walmart cast iron,bean pots cast aluminum,bean pots dutch oven,bean pots stainless steel,pottery cast iron,williams sonoma cast iron,bean pots steel,bean pots cast iron camp,bean pots cast iron covered Comments Tags Essentials , Grilling , Grilling Nordic , Nordic , Promotion Comments are closed. Recent Posts Nordic Ware Grilling Essentials Cast Bean Pot Save Price with Promotion Today Le Creuset Heritage Collection Enameled Cast-Iron 2-Quart Legumier, Cobalt Online Shopping Le Creuset Enameled Cast-Iron 7-1/4-Quart Round French Oven, Cherry Red Save Price Shopping Online Joyce Chen J90-0704 6-Quart Stoneware Chinese Cooking Pot, Black Cheapest Prices LE CREUSET Enameled Cast Iron 4-1/4 Quart Soup Pot Blue Online Shopping Bayou Classic 7448, 2.5-Qt. Cast Iron Bean Pot with Lid Online Shopping Le Creuset Enameled Cast-Iron 7-1/4-Quart Round French Oven, Cherry Red Get Discount Tags 714Quart CastIron CastIron 714Quart Cherry Creuset Discount Enameled French Online Shopping Powered by WordPress and Created for Bean Pots Cast Iron | Waffle Iron Shapes http //beanpotscastiron.waffleironshapes.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com Web Toolbar by Wibiya')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01006', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Char-Broil Portable Tabletop Gas Grill NEW CB Tabletop Gas Grill Indoor & Outdoor Living to Big Save If you are seeking for NEW CB Tabletop Gas Grill Indoor & Outdoor Living in save price and hot bestsellers. Review and compare price before get the best order NEW CB Tabletop Gas Grill Indoor & Outdoor Living . Congratulations To You!! Because this NEW CB Tabletop Gas Grill Indoor & Outdoor Living is on sale in the store with special price and good Quality 100% Guaranteed. This store help you to save money because this is Shopping Online Store. Qualified Orders with fast shipping this NEW CB Tabletop Gas Grill Indoor & Outdoor Living products. CHEER!!! read more Read the rest of this entry Tags Indoor , Living , Outdoor , Outdoor Indoor , Outdoor Living , Tabletop Solaire Anywhere Portable Infrared Propane Gas Grill, Stainless Steel For Best Value If you are finding for Solaire Anywhere Portable Infrared Propane Gas Grill, Stainless Steel in save price and best products. Review and compare price before get the best purchase Solaire Anywhere Portable Infrared Propane Gas Grill, Stainless Steel. Congratulations To You!! Because this Solaire Anywhere Portable Infrared Propane Gas Grill, Stainless Steel is on sale in the store with great price and good Quality 100% Guaranteed. This store help you to save money because this is Shopping Online Store. Qualified Orders with fast shipping this Solaire Anywhere Portable Infrared Propane Gas Grill, Stainless Steel products. CHEER!!! read more Read the rest of this entry Tags Anywhere , Grill , Infrared , Portable , Propane , Solaire , Stainless , Stainless Grill , Stainless Portable Thermos Portable Gas Grill on Lowest Prices If you are finding for Thermos Portable Gas Grill in save price and top products. Review and compare price before get the best buy Thermos Portable Gas Grill. Congratulations To You!! Because this Thermos Portable Gas Grill is on sale in the store with amazing price and good Quality 100% Guaranteed. This store help you to save money because this is Shopping Online Store. Qualified Orders with fast shipping this Thermos Portable Gas Grill products. CHEER!!! read more Read the rest of this entry Tags Lowest , Lowest Prices , Portable , Portable Thermos , Prices , Thermos TEC Cherokee Portable Infrared Grill at Amazing Prices If you are seeking for TEC Cherokee Portable Infrared Grill in save price and reccommend products. Review and compare price before get the best order TEC Cherokee Portable Infrared Grill. Congratulations To You!! Because this TEC Cherokee Portable Infrared Grill is on sale in the store with crazy price and good Quality 100% Guaranteed. This store help you to save money because this is Shopping Online Store. Qualified Orders with fast shipping this TEC Cherokee Portable Infrared Grill products. CHEER!!! read more Read the rest of this entry Tags Amazing , Amazing Infrared , Cherokee , Infrared , Portable , Portable Cherokee , Prices CharBroil Grill2Go Express 2-Burner Gas Tabletop Grill to Discount If you are finding for CharBroil Grill2Go Express 2-Burner Gas Tabletop Grill in save price and bestsellers. Review and compare price before get the best buy CharBroil Grill2Go Express 2-Burner Gas Tabletop Grill. Congratulations To You!! Because this CharBroil Grill2Go Express 2-Burner Gas Tabletop Grill is on sale in the store with unbelievable price and good Quality 100% Guaranteed. This store help you to save money because this is Shopping Online Store. Qualified Orders with fast shipping this CharBroil Grill2Go Express 2-Burner Gas Tabletop Grill products. CHEER!!! read more Read the rest of this entry Tags 2Burner , CharBroil , Discount , Discount CharBroil , Discount Express , Express , Grill2Go , Tabletop Weber 526001 Q 140 Electric Barbeque Grill Shop Today If you are seeking for Weber 526001 Q 140 Electric Barbeque Grill in save price and great promotions. Review and compare price before get the best purchase Weber 526001 Q 140 Electric Barbeque Grill. Congratulations To You!! Because this Weber 526001 Q 140 Electric Barbeque Grill is on sale in the store with great price and good Quality 100% Guaranteed. This store help you to save money because this is Shopping Online Store. Qualified Orders with fast shipping this Weber 526001 Q 140 Electric Barbeque Grill products. CHEER!!! read more Read the rest of this entry Tags 526001 , 526001 Electric , Barbeque , Barbeque Electric , Electric Char-Broil Table Top Charcoal Grill at Affordable Prices If you are finding for Char-Broil Table Top Charcoal Grill in save price and hot promotions. Review and compare price before get the best purchase Char-Broil Table Top Charcoal Grill. Congratulations To You!! Because this Char-Broil Table Top Charcoal Grill is on sale in the store with special price and good Quality 100% Guaranteed. This store help you to save money because this is Shopping Online Store. Qualified Orders with fast shipping this Char-Broil Table Top Charcoal Grill products. CHEER!!! read more Read the rest of this entry Tags Affordable , CharBroil , Charcoal , Charcoal Affordable , Prices , Prices Affordable NEW CB Tabletop Gas Grill Indoor & Outdoor Living on Sale Now If you are searching for NEW CB Tabletop Gas Grill Indoor & Outdoor Living in save price and hot bestsellers. Review and compare price before get the best order NEW CB Tabletop Gas Grill Indoor & Outdoor Living . Congratulations To You!! Because this NEW CB Tabletop Gas Grill Indoor & Outdoor Living is on sale in the store with bargain price and good Quality 100% Guaranteed. This store help you to save money because this is Shopping Online Store. Qualified Orders with fast shipping this NEW CB Tabletop Gas Grill Indoor & Outdoor Living products. CHEER!!! read more Read the rest of this entry Tags Indoor , Living , Outdoor , Outdoor Indoor , Tabletop , Tabletop Outdoor Recent Posts NEW CB Tabletop Gas Grill Indoor & Outdoor Living to Big Save Solaire Anywhere Portable Infrared Propane Gas Grill, Stainless Steel For Best Value Thermos Portable Gas Grill on Lowest Prices TEC Cherokee Portable Infrared Grill at Amazing Prices CharBroil Grill2Go Express 2-Burner Gas Tabletop Grill to Discount Weber 526001 Q 140 Electric Barbeque Grill Shop Today Char-Broil Table Top Charcoal Grill at Affordable Prices NEW CB Tabletop Gas Grill Indoor & Outdoor Living on Sale Now Tags CharBroil Indoor Infrared Living Outdoor Outdoor Indoor Portable Prices Tabletop Tabletop Outdoor Powered by WordPress and Created for Char-Broil Portable Tabletop Gas Grill | Gas Barbecue Sale http //charbroilportabletabletopgasgrill.gasbarbecuesale.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com Web Toolbar by Wibiya')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01007', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Char-Broil Portable Tabletop Gas Grill NEW CB Tabletop Gas Grill Indoor & Outdoor Living on Sale Now Weber 526001 Q 140 Electric Barbeque Grill Shop Today Char-Broil Table Top Charcoal Grill at Affordable Prices If you are finding for Char-Broil Table Top Charcoal Grill in save price and hot promotions. Review and compare price before get the best purchase Char-Broil Table Top Charcoal Grill. Congratulations To You!! Because this Char-Broil Table Top Charcoal Grill is on sale in the store with special price and good Quality 100% Guaranteed. This store help you to save money because this is Shopping Online Store. Qualified Orders with fast shipping this Char-Broil Table Top Charcoal Grill products. CHEER!!! read more The Char-Broil charcoal tabletop grill is a great option when looking for a simple, affordable, portable tabletop/camping grill. It features 187 square inches of cooking surface, about 6-8 hamburgers of space. It cooks on an easy to clean chrome plated cooking grid. The legs fold securely to the top for easy portability. Simple, easy. See More Images Char-Broil Table Top Charcoal Grill | Get Discount at Shop Online Price List $39.00 GET DISCOUNT / FAST SHIPPING See Best Price Char-Broil Table Top Charcoal Grill Product Feature 187 square inches of cooking surface, enough for 6-8 hamburgers Easy to clean chrome plated cooking grid Folding legs to secure top for easy portability Heat resistant handles Convenient lid hanging hook I have tried to find information for Char-Broil Table Top Charcoal Grill on the Internet. There are a lot promotion price as well. You can purchase a Char-Broil Table Top Charcoal Grill in the best best price of the web site, Shopping Online, you will not hesitate a moment. HOT ITEM LIKE THIS TEND TO SELL OUT VERY QUICKLY Title 4 38 Relate keywords char-broil portable tabletop gas grill,char broil tabletop propane gas grill,char broil mobile tabletop gas grill,char broil best tabletop gas grill,char broil digital tabletop gas grill,char broil handheld tabletop gas grill,portable tabletop gas grill,lowes portable tabletop gas grill,home depot portable tabletop gas grill,weber portable tabletop gas grill,coleman portable tabletop gas grill,char broil portable indoor gas grill,char broil portable water gas grill,char broil portable desktop gas grill,char broil portable countertop gas grill,char broil portable mini gas grill,char broil portable tabletop gas grill cooking,char broil portable tabletop gas grill lp,char broil portable tabletop gas grill outdoor,char broil portable tabletop gas grill item,char broil portable tabletop gas grill accessories, Comments Tags Affordable , CharBroil , Charcoal , Charcoal Affordable , Prices , Prices Affordable Comments are closed. Recent Posts NEW CB Tabletop Gas Grill Indoor & Outdoor Living to Big Save Solaire Anywhere Portable Infrared Propane Gas Grill, Stainless Steel For Best Value Thermos Portable Gas Grill on Lowest Prices TEC Cherokee Portable Infrared Grill at Amazing Prices CharBroil Grill2Go Express 2-Burner Gas Tabletop Grill to Discount Weber 526001 Q 140 Electric Barbeque Grill Shop Today Char-Broil Table Top Charcoal Grill at Affordable Prices NEW CB Tabletop Gas Grill Indoor & Outdoor Living on Sale Now Tags CharBroil Indoor Infrared Living Outdoor Outdoor Indoor Portable Prices Tabletop Tabletop Outdoor Powered by WordPress and Created for Char-Broil Portable Tabletop Gas Grill | Gas Barbecue Sale http //charbroilportabletabletopgasgrill.gasbarbecuesale.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com Web Toolbar by Wibiya')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01008', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Char-Broil Portable Tabletop Gas Grill Char-Broil Table Top Charcoal Grill at Affordable Prices NEW CB Tabletop Gas Grill Indoor & Outdoor Living on Sale Now If you are searching for NEW CB Tabletop Gas Grill Indoor & Outdoor Living in save price and hot bestsellers. Review and compare price before get the best order NEW CB Tabletop Gas Grill Indoor & Outdoor Living . Congratulations To You!! Because this NEW CB Tabletop Gas Grill Indoor & Outdoor Living is on sale in the store with bargain price and good Quality 100% Guaranteed. This store help you to save money because this is Shopping Online Store. Qualified Orders with fast shipping this NEW CB Tabletop Gas Grill Indoor & Outdoor Living products. CHEER!!! read more Manufacturer Char-Broil, LLC Manufacturer Part Number 465133010 Manufacturer Website Address Brand Name Char-Broil Product Model 465133010 Product Name LP Gas Grill Product Type LP Gas Grill Cooking Area 1 Sq. ft. Gas Consumption 11000 BTU/h Features Heat Resistant Handle Easily Cooks 8 Hamburgers at One Time Color Chrome Material Steel Dimensions 13 Height x 24 Width x 14.50 Depth Weight Approximate 10 lb Additional Information Folding Legs Filtered Regulator See More Images NEW CB Tabletop Gas Grill Indoor & Outdoor Living | Best Offer Promotion at Shop Online Price List GET DISCOUNT / FAST SHIPPING See Best Price NEW CB Tabletop Gas Grill Indoor & Outdoor Living Product Feature I have tried to find information for NEW CB Tabletop Gas Grill Indoor & Outdoor Living on the Internet. There are a lot lower price as well. You can order a NEW CB Tabletop Gas Grill Indoor & Outdoor Living in the best best price of the web site, Shopping Online, you will not hesitate a moment. HOT ITEM LIKE THIS TEND TO SELL OUT VERY QUICKLY Title 4 22 Relate keywords char-broil portable tabletop gas grill,char broil tabletop propane gas grill,char broil mobile tabletop gas grill,char broil best tabletop gas grill,char broil digital tabletop gas grill,char broil handheld tabletop gas grill,portable tabletop gas grill,lowes portable tabletop gas grill,home depot portable tabletop gas grill,weber portable tabletop gas grill,coleman portable tabletop gas grill,char broil portable indoor gas grill,char broil portable water gas grill,char broil portable desktop gas grill,char broil portable countertop gas grill,char broil portable mini gas grill,char broil portable tabletop gas grill cooking,char broil portable tabletop gas grill lp,char broil portable tabletop gas grill outdoor,char broil portable tabletop gas grill item,char broil portable tabletop gas grill accessories, Comments Tags Indoor , Living , Outdoor , Outdoor Indoor , Tabletop , Tabletop Outdoor Comments are closed. Recent Posts NEW CB Tabletop Gas Grill Indoor & Outdoor Living to Big Save Solaire Anywhere Portable Infrared Propane Gas Grill, Stainless Steel For Best Value Thermos Portable Gas Grill on Lowest Prices TEC Cherokee Portable Infrared Grill at Amazing Prices CharBroil Grill2Go Express 2-Burner Gas Tabletop Grill to Discount Weber 526001 Q 140 Electric Barbeque Grill Shop Today Char-Broil Table Top Charcoal Grill at Affordable Prices NEW CB Tabletop Gas Grill Indoor & Outdoor Living on Sale Now Tags CharBroil Indoor Infrared Living Outdoor Outdoor Indoor Portable Prices Tabletop Tabletop Outdoor Powered by WordPress and Created for Char-Broil Portable Tabletop Gas Grill | Gas Barbecue Sale http //charbroilportabletabletopgasgrill.gasbarbecuesale.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com Web Toolbar by Wibiya')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01009', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Char-Broil Portable Tabletop Gas Grill Solaire Anywhere Portable Infrared Propane Gas Grill, Stainless Steel For Best Value NEW CB Tabletop Gas Grill Indoor & Outdoor Living to Big Save If you are seeking for NEW CB Tabletop Gas Grill Indoor & Outdoor Living in save price and hot bestsellers. Review and compare price before get the best order NEW CB Tabletop Gas Grill Indoor & Outdoor Living . Congratulations To You!! Because this NEW CB Tabletop Gas Grill Indoor & Outdoor Living is on sale in the store with special price and good Quality 100% Guaranteed. This store help you to save money because this is Shopping Online Store. Qualified Orders with fast shipping this NEW CB Tabletop Gas Grill Indoor & Outdoor Living products. CHEER!!! read more Manufacturer Char-Broil, LLC Manufacturer Part Number 465133010 Manufacturer Website Address Brand Name Char-Broil Product Model 465133010 Product Name LP Gas Grill Product Type LP Gas Grill Cooking Area 1 Sq. ft. Gas Consumption 11000 BTU/h Features Heat Resistant Handle Easily Cooks 8 Hamburgers at One Time Color Chrome Material Steel Dimensions 13 Height x 24 Width x 14.50 Depth Weight Approximate 10 lb Additional Information Folding Legs Filtered Regulator See More Images NEW CB Tabletop Gas Grill Indoor & Outdoor Living | Promotions Discount at Shop Online Price List GET DISCOUNT / FAST SHIPPING See Best Price NEW CB Tabletop Gas Grill Indoor & Outdoor Living Product Feature I have tried to find information for NEW CB Tabletop Gas Grill Indoor & Outdoor Living on the Internet. There are a lot discount price as well. You can purchase a NEW CB Tabletop Gas Grill Indoor & Outdoor Living in the best reduced price of the web site, Shopping Online, you will not hesitate a moment. HOT ITEM LIKE THIS TEND TO SELL OUT VERY QUICKLY Title 4 16 Relate keywords char-broil portable tabletop gas grill,char broil tabletop propane gas grill,char broil mobile tabletop gas grill,char broil best tabletop gas grill,char broil digital tabletop gas grill,char broil handheld tabletop gas grill,portable tabletop gas grill,lowes portable tabletop gas grill,home depot portable tabletop gas grill,weber portable tabletop gas grill,coleman portable tabletop gas grill,char broil portable indoor gas grill,char broil portable water gas grill,char broil portable desktop gas grill,char broil portable countertop gas grill,char broil portable mini gas grill,char broil portable tabletop gas grill cooking,char broil portable tabletop gas grill lp,char broil portable tabletop gas grill outdoor,char broil portable tabletop gas grill item,char broil portable tabletop gas grill accessories, Comments Tags Indoor , Living , Outdoor , Outdoor Indoor , Outdoor Living , Tabletop Comments are closed. Recent Posts NEW CB Tabletop Gas Grill Indoor & Outdoor Living to Big Save Solaire Anywhere Portable Infrared Propane Gas Grill, Stainless Steel For Best Value Thermos Portable Gas Grill on Lowest Prices TEC Cherokee Portable Infrared Grill at Amazing Prices CharBroil Grill2Go Express 2-Burner Gas Tabletop Grill to Discount Weber 526001 Q 140 Electric Barbeque Grill Shop Today Char-Broil Table Top Charcoal Grill at Affordable Prices NEW CB Tabletop Gas Grill Indoor & Outdoor Living on Sale Now Tags CharBroil Indoor Infrared Living Outdoor Outdoor Indoor Portable Prices Tabletop Tabletop Outdoor Powered by WordPress and Created for Char-Broil Portable Tabletop Gas Grill | Gas Barbecue Sale http //charbroilportabletabletopgasgrill.gasbarbecuesale.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com Web Toolbar by Wibiya')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01010', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Char-Broil Portable Tabletop Gas Grill Thermos Portable Gas Grill on Lowest Prices NEW CB Tabletop Gas Grill Indoor & Outdoor Living to Big Save Solaire Anywhere Portable Infrared Propane Gas Grill, Stainless Steel For Best Value If you are finding for Solaire Anywhere Portable Infrared Propane Gas Grill, Stainless Steel in save price and best products. Review and compare price before get the best purchase Solaire Anywhere Portable Infrared Propane Gas Grill, Stainless Steel. Congratulations To You!! Because this Solaire Anywhere Portable Infrared Propane Gas Grill, Stainless Steel is on sale in the store with great price and good Quality 100% Guaranteed. This store help you to save money because this is Shopping Online Store. Qualified Orders with fast shipping this Solaire Anywhere Portable Infrared Propane Gas Grill, Stainless Steel products. CHEER!!! read more The Solaire Anywhere let s you enjoy succulent, flavorful food anywhere you go. Each Solaire grill has a rocket under the hood the Solaire Infrared Burner. This superior burner gives you the high heat to lock in the juices for more tasty, flavorful food than you can ever get from a conventional barbecue grill. Professional chefs demand high heat to create great taste and now you can too with a Solaire Infrared. The Solaire Anywhere is perfect for tailgaters, picnics, RVs, camping, boating and balconies at only 20 pounds in the included carrying bag, which has pockets for three 1-pound propane bottles. It is made from commercial quality stainless steel, has a stainless steel with honeycomb ceramic infrared burner beneath 155 square inches of grilling area and lights with a push-button rapid-spark electronic igniter. Spring-loaded latches keep the lid closed during transportation. It operates out of the box on 1-pound propane bottles not included , and can be used with larger BBQ propane tanks with our adapter hose accessory item #SOL-SAHOSE5 or on natural gas with the natural gas conversion kit item #SOL-SANGC . The firebox is fully welded no mechanical fasteners are used. Assembly of handles and regulator are all that is needed five minutes tops. Solaire is a grilling machine that gives you the great flavor of an intensely hot charcoal fire with the control, convenience and consistency of gas. Become the undisputed wizard of the campsite, the envy of your parking lot, and the hero of your family when you serve them juicier, more flavorful food then they ve ever tasted from an ordinary grill. See More Images Solaire Anywhere Portable Infrared Propane Gas Grill, Stainless Steel | Promotions Discount at Shop Online Price List $400.00 GET DISCOUNT / FAST SHIPPING See Best Price Solaire Anywhere Portable Infrared Propane Gas Grill, Stainless Steel Product Feature Portable infrared grill with electronic push-button ignition; uses 1 pound propane cylnders larger tank with optional adapter 155 square inches of grilling space fits eight 4-inch hamburgers ; 14,000 BTU/hour; 61.1 Infrared Intensity Index Stainless steel commercial grade welded construction; bottom rails accept a variety of Solaire accessory mounts V-shape stainless steel grilling grids increase flavor while reducing flare-ups; includes carrying bag With lid down, grill measures 21 wide by 13 deep by 12 inches high; shipping weight 27 pounds; one year limited warranty I have tried to find information for Solaire Anywhere Portable Infrared Propane Gas Grill, Stainless Steel on the Internet. There are a lot cheaper as well. You can buy a Solaire Anywhere Portable Infrared Propane Gas Grill, Stainless Steel in the best lowest price of the web site, Shopping Online, you will not hesitate a moment. HOT ITEM LIKE THIS TEND TO SELL OUT VERY QUICKLY Title 4 22 Relate keywords char-broil portable tabletop gas grill,char broil tabletop propane gas grill,char broil mobile tabletop gas grill,char broil best tabletop gas grill,char broil digital tabletop gas grill,char broil handheld tabletop gas grill,portable tabletop gas grill,lowes portable tabletop gas grill,home depot portable tabletop gas grill,weber portable tabletop gas grill,coleman portable tabletop gas grill,char broil portable indoor gas grill,char broil portable water gas grill,char broil portable desktop gas grill,char broil portable countertop gas grill,char broil portable mini gas grill,char broil portable tabletop gas grill cooking,char broil portable tabletop gas grill lp,char broil portable tabletop gas grill outdoor,char broil portable tabletop gas grill item,char broil portable tabletop gas grill accessories, Comments Tags Anywhere , Grill , Infrared , Portable , Propane , Solaire , Stainless , Stainless Grill , Stainless Portable Comments are closed. Recent Posts NEW CB Tabletop Gas Grill Indoor & Outdoor Living to Big Save Solaire Anywhere Portable Infrared Propane Gas Grill, Stainless Steel For Best Value Thermos Portable Gas Grill on Lowest Prices TEC Cherokee Portable Infrared Grill at Amazing Prices CharBroil Grill2Go Express 2-Burner Gas Tabletop Grill to Discount Weber 526001 Q 140 Electric Barbeque Grill Shop Today Char-Broil Table Top Charcoal Grill at Affordable Prices NEW CB Tabletop Gas Grill Indoor & Outdoor Living on Sale Now Tags CharBroil Indoor Infrared Living Outdoor Outdoor Indoor Portable Prices Tabletop Tabletop Outdoor Powered by WordPress and Created for Char-Broil Portable Tabletop Gas Grill | Gas Barbecue Sale http //charbroilportabletabletopgasgrill.gasbarbecuesale.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com Web Toolbar by Wibiya')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01011', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Char-Broil Portable Tabletop Gas Grill TEC Cherokee Portable Infrared Grill at Amazing Prices Solaire Anywhere Portable Infrared Propane Gas Grill, Stainless Steel For Best Value Thermos Portable Gas Grill on Lowest Prices If you are finding for Thermos Portable Gas Grill in save price and top products. Review and compare price before get the best buy Thermos Portable Gas Grill. Congratulations To You!! Because this Thermos Portable Gas Grill is on sale in the store with amazing price and good Quality 100% Guaranteed. This store help you to save money because this is Shopping Online Store. Qualified Orders with fast shipping this Thermos Portable Gas Grill products. CHEER!!! read more Now you can have the delicious taste of grilled food anywhere you go! See More Images Thermos Portable Gas Grill | Cheapest Prices at Shop Online Price List $34.99 GET DISCOUNT / FAST SHIPPING See Best Price Thermos Portable Gas Grill Product Feature 190 SQ. INCH COOKING SURFACE COOKS 8 BURGERS OR CHICKEN BREASTS AT ONE TIME I have tried to find information for Thermos Portable Gas Grill on the Internet. There are a lot super low price as well. You can purchase a Thermos Portable Gas Grill in the best reasonable price of the web site, Shopping Online, you will not hesitate a moment. HOT ITEM LIKE THIS TEND TO SELL OUT VERY QUICKLY Title 4 38 Relate keywords char-broil portable tabletop gas grill,char broil tabletop propane gas grill,char broil mobile tabletop gas grill,char broil best tabletop gas grill,char broil digital tabletop gas grill,char broil handheld tabletop gas grill,portable tabletop gas grill,lowes portable tabletop gas grill,home depot portable tabletop gas grill,weber portable tabletop gas grill,coleman portable tabletop gas grill,char broil portable indoor gas grill,char broil portable water gas grill,char broil portable desktop gas grill,char broil portable countertop gas grill,char broil portable mini gas grill,char broil portable tabletop gas grill cooking,char broil portable tabletop gas grill lp,char broil portable tabletop gas grill outdoor,char broil portable tabletop gas grill item,char broil portable tabletop gas grill accessories, Comments Tags Lowest , Lowest Prices , Portable , Portable Thermos , Prices , Thermos Comments are closed. Recent Posts NEW CB Tabletop Gas Grill Indoor & Outdoor Living to Big Save Solaire Anywhere Portable Infrared Propane Gas Grill, Stainless Steel For Best Value Thermos Portable Gas Grill on Lowest Prices TEC Cherokee Portable Infrared Grill at Amazing Prices CharBroil Grill2Go Express 2-Burner Gas Tabletop Grill to Discount Weber 526001 Q 140 Electric Barbeque Grill Shop Today Char-Broil Table Top Charcoal Grill at Affordable Prices NEW CB Tabletop Gas Grill Indoor & Outdoor Living on Sale Now Tags CharBroil Indoor Infrared Living Outdoor Outdoor Indoor Portable Prices Tabletop Tabletop Outdoor Powered by WordPress and Created for Char-Broil Portable Tabletop Gas Grill | Gas Barbecue Sale http //charbroilportabletabletopgasgrill.gasbarbecuesale.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com Web Toolbar by Wibiya')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01013', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Coleman Propane Grill Parts Coleman 9949-750 Road Trip Grill LXE to Enjoy Big Savings Coleman 9949-750 Road Trip Grill LXE unbelievable Coleman 9949-750 Road Trip Grill LXE at Affordable Prices Are you looking for Coleman 9949-750 Road Trip Grill LXE Yes, We have Coleman 9949-750 Road Trip Grill LXE in unbelievable now. You can buy Coleman 9949-750 Road Trip Grill LXE in stock at unbelievable now. Secure check out and fast service to you just a few moment at unbelievable!! read more Read the rest of this entry Tags 9949750 , 9949750 Coleman , Coleman , Coleman 9949750 , Savings CoMet Lightweight 11lb Propane Cylinder Marine with Level Gauge on Deals CoMet Lightweight 11lb Propane Cylinder Marine with Level Gauge affordable price CoMet Lightweight 11lb Propane Cylinder Marine with Level Gauge to Deep Discounts Are you looking for CoMet Lightweight 11lb Propane Cylinder Marine with Level Gauge Yes, We have CoMet Lightweight 11lb Propane Cylinder Marine with Level Gauge in affordable price online today. You can best buy CoMet Lightweight 11lb Propane Cylinder Marine with Level Gauge in stock at affordable price online today. Secure check out and fast service to you just a few moment at affordable price!! read more Read the rest of this entry Tags Cylinder , Cylinder Propane , Lightweight , Marine , Propane , Propane Marine Coleman RoadTrip Grill Cover to Low Prices Coleman RoadTrip Grill Cover bargain price Coleman RoadTrip Grill Cover For Bestselling Are you searching for Coleman RoadTrip Grill Cover Yes, We have Coleman RoadTrip Grill Cover in bargain price online here. You can best buy Coleman RoadTrip Grill Cover in stock at bargain price online here. Secure check out and fast shipping to you just a few moment at bargain price!! read more Read the rest of this entry Tags Coleman , Prices , Prices Coleman , Prices RoadTrip , RoadTrip ETQ PG30P11 3,500 Watt 7 HP 208cc 4-Cycle OHV Propane Powered Portable Generator to Low Prices ETQ PG30P11 3,500 Watt 7 HP 208cc 4-Cycle OHV Propane Powered Portable Generator discount price ETQ PG30P11 3,500 Watt 7 HP 208cc 4-Cycle OHV Propane Powered Portable Generator For Best Price Are you seeking for ETQ PG30P11 3,500 Watt 7 HP 208cc 4-Cycle OHV Propane Powered Portable Generator Yes, We have ETQ PG30P11 3,500 Watt 7 HP 208cc 4-Cycle OHV Propane Powered Portable Generator in discount price today. You can buy ETQ PG30P11 3,500 Watt 7 HP 208cc 4-Cycle OHV Propane Powered Portable Generator in stock at discount price today. Secure check out and fast delivery to you just a few moment at discount price!! read more Read the rest of this entry Tags 4Cycle , Generator , Generator Prices , PG30P11 , Portable , Powered , Prices , Prices Portable , Propane Coleman 425F499G 2 Burner Compact Gas Stove on Deals Coleman 425F499G 2 Burner Compact Gas Stove super low price Coleman 425F499G 2 Burner Compact Gas Stove For Save selections Are you searching for Coleman 425F499G 2 Burner Compact Gas Stove Yes, We have Coleman 425F499G 2 Burner Compact Gas Stove in super low price online here. You can order Coleman 425F499G 2 Burner Compact Gas Stove in stock at super low price online here. Secure check out and fast service to you just a few moment at super low price!! read more Read the rest of this entry Tags 425F499G , 425F499G Coleman , Burner , Coleman , Coleman 425F499G , Compact Mr. Heater Double Tank-Top Propane Heater 8,000-28,000 BTU, Model# MH24T For Best Value Mr. Heater Double Tank-Top Propane Heater 8,000-28,000 BTU, Model# MH24T bargain price Mr. Heater Double Tank-Top Propane Heater 8,000-28,000 BTU, Model# MH24T Hot Price Are you looking for Mr. Heater Double Tank-Top Propane Heater 8,000-28,000 BTU, Model# MH24T Yes, We have Mr. Heater Double Tank-Top Propane Heater 8,000-28,000 BTU, Model# MH24T in bargain price online today. You can best buy Mr. Heater Double Tank-Top Propane Heater 8,000-28,000 BTU, Model# MH24T in stock at bargain price online today. Secure check out and fast delivery to you just a few moment at bargain price!! read more Read the rest of this entry Tags 800028000 , Double , Heater , Model , Propane , Propane Heater , TankTop , TankTop Model Coleman 2-Burner InstaStart PerfectFlow Propane Stove For Best Price Coleman 2-Burner InstaStart PerfectFlow Propane Stove crazy price Coleman 2-Burner InstaStart PerfectFlow Propane Stove at Incredible Prices Are you seeking for Coleman 2-Burner InstaStart PerfectFlow Propane Stove Yes, We have Coleman 2-Burner InstaStart PerfectFlow Propane Stove in crazy price online now. You can purchase Coleman 2-Burner InstaStart PerfectFlow Propane Stove in stock at crazy price online now. Secure check out and fast delivery to you just a few moment at crazy price!! read more Read the rest of this entry Tags 2Burner , Coleman , Coleman Propane , InstaStart , InstaStart 2Burner , PerfectFlow , Propane CoMet Lightweight 11lb Propane Cylinder Blue Wave with Level Gauge to Enjoy Big Savings CoMet Lightweight 11lb Propane Cylinder Blue Wave with Level Gauge lowest price CoMet Lightweight 11lb Propane Cylinder Blue Wave with Level Gauge to Discount Are you searching for CoMet Lightweight 11lb Propane Cylinder Blue Wave with Level Gauge Yes, We have CoMet Lightweight 11lb Propane Cylinder Blue Wave with Level Gauge in lowest price here. You can best buy CoMet Lightweight 11lb Propane Cylinder Blue Wave with Level Gauge in stock at lowest price here. Secure check out and fast shipping to you just a few moment at lowest price!! read more Read the rest of this entry Tags Cylinder , Cylinder Lightweight , Lightweight , Lightweight Propane , Propane , Savings Propane Regulator Shop Today Propane Regulator reasonable price Propane Regulator For Great Deals Are you searching for Propane Regulator Yes, We have Propane Regulator in reasonable price online today. You can purchase Propane Regulator in stock at reasonable price online today. Secure check out and fast shipping to you just a few moment at reasonable price!! read more Read the rest of this entry Tags Propane , Propane Regulator , Regulator Coleman PowerPack 1-Burner Stove For Sale Coleman PowerPack 1-Burner Stove unbelievable Coleman PowerPack 1-Burner Stove at Unbelievable Prices Are you searching for Coleman PowerPack 1-Burner Stove Yes, We have Coleman PowerPack 1-Burner Stove in unbelievable now. You can purchase Coleman PowerPack 1-Burner Stove in stock at unbelievable now. Secure check out and fast shipping to you just a few moment at unbelievable!! read more Read the rest of this entry Tags 1Burner , Coleman , PowerPack , PowerPack 1Burner , PowerPack Coleman Recent Posts Coleman 9949-750 Road Trip Grill LXE to Enjoy Big Savings CoMet Lightweight 11lb Propane Cylinder Marine with Level Gauge on Deals Coleman RoadTrip Grill Cover to Low Prices ETQ PG30P11 3,500 Watt 7 HP 208cc 4-Cycle OHV Propane Powered Portable Generator to Low Prices Coleman 425F499G 2 Burner Compact Gas Stove on Deals Mr. Heater Double Tank-Top Propane Heater 8,000-28,000 BTU, Model# MH24T For Best Value Coleman 2-Burner InstaStart PerfectFlow Propane Stove For Best Price CoMet Lightweight 11lb Propane Cylinder Blue Wave with Level Gauge to Enjoy Big Savings Propane Regulator Shop Today Coleman PowerPack 1-Burner Stove For Sale Tags 1Burner Coleman Cylinder Lightweight PowerPack PowerPack 1Burner PowerPack Coleman Prices Propane Savings Powered by WordPress and Created for Coleman Propane Grill Parts | Gas Barbecue Sale http //colemanpropanegrillparts.gasbarbecuesale.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com Web Toolbar by Wibiya')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01014', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Coleman Propane Grill Parts CoMet Lightweight 11lb Propane Cylinder Marine with Level Gauge on Deals Coleman 9949-750 Road Trip Grill LXE to Enjoy Big Savings Coleman 9949-750 Road Trip Grill LXE unbelievable Coleman 9949-750 Road Trip Grill LXE at Affordable Prices Are you looking for Coleman 9949-750 Road Trip Grill LXE Yes, We have Coleman 9949-750 Road Trip Grill LXE in unbelievable now. You can buy Coleman 9949-750 Road Trip Grill LXE in stock at unbelievable now. Secure check out and fast service to you just a few moment at unbelievable!! read more Coleman Roadtrip LXE Grill sets up and tears down in seconds! It s the perfect camping trip grill when you want to cook for a crew! Has a fold-up stand with wheels that collapses down to a convenient pack-away size Fully-adjustable cooking power up to 10,000 BTU on each burner; PerfectFlow control system provides pressure regulation for consistent output throughout the life of your 1-lb. or 20-lb. propane cylinder with proper accessories ; InstaStart electronic ignition offers matchless lighting; Durable vitreous lid and painted steel case with a porcelain-coated cast iron cooking surface inside; Tool holders and side tables built in for easy use; Removable grease management tray; Versatile mix & match surfaces has grill, griddle and stove capability; Limited 5-year warranty; Measures 46 x 18 x 35 . Order yours today! Coleman Roadtrip LXE Grill Buy Lowest Sale Price from Here! Special Price ! From Coleman, 36-inch collapsible propane grill for use at home or on the road With 285 square inches cooking space, grill features porcelain-coated cast-iron grates for durability and cleaning ease Meats cook over 2 10,000 BTU straight burners; requires separate purchase of a 16.4-ounce disposable propane cylinder Additional features include towing handle, wheels, and detachable side tables; assembly required The collapsed grill measures 36 by 22 by 13 inches with a shipping weight of 60 pounds; limited 5-year warranty Best Buy Cheap on Coleman 9949-750 Road Trip Grill LXE. Best Value for Coleman 9949-750 Road Trip Grill LXE Sale In Stock Now. Amazing Prices on Coleman 9949-750 Road Trip Grill LXE . Purchase Online Special Offer & FREE Shipping Today Helpful Information for Customer Reviews to see what people talking about this product title 4 27 Relate keywords coleman propane grill parts,coleman electric grill parts,coleman lp grill parts,coleman oil grill parts,coleman butane grill parts,coleman natural gas grill parts,portable propane grill parts,camping propane grill parts,century propane grill parts,propane cylinder grill parts,target propane grill parts,fleetwood propane grill parts,small propane grill parts,16.4 oz propane grill parts,igloo propane grill parts,cabelas propane grill parts,coleman propane grill covers,coleman propane grill accessories,coleman propane grill grates,coleman propane grill burners,coleman propane grill regulator, Comments Tags 9949750 , 9949750 Coleman , Coleman , Coleman 9949750 , Savings Comments are closed. Recent Posts Coleman 9949-750 Road Trip Grill LXE to Enjoy Big Savings CoMet Lightweight 11lb Propane Cylinder Marine with Level Gauge on Deals Coleman RoadTrip Grill Cover to Low Prices ETQ PG30P11 3,500 Watt 7 HP 208cc 4-Cycle OHV Propane Powered Portable Generator to Low Prices Coleman 425F499G 2 Burner Compact Gas Stove on Deals Mr. Heater Double Tank-Top Propane Heater 8,000-28,000 BTU, Model# MH24T For Best Value Coleman 2-Burner InstaStart PerfectFlow Propane Stove For Best Price CoMet Lightweight 11lb Propane Cylinder Blue Wave with Level Gauge to Enjoy Big Savings Propane Regulator Shop Today Coleman PowerPack 1-Burner Stove For Sale Tags 1Burner Coleman Cylinder Lightweight PowerPack PowerPack 1Burner PowerPack Coleman Prices Propane Savings Powered by WordPress and Created for Coleman Propane Grill Parts | Gas Barbecue Sale http //colemanpropanegrillparts.gasbarbecuesale.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com Web Toolbar by Wibiya')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01015', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Coleman Propane Grill Parts Propane Regulator Shop Today Coleman PowerPack 1-Burner Stove For Sale Coleman PowerPack 1-Burner Stove unbelievable Coleman PowerPack 1-Burner Stove at Unbelievable Prices Are you searching for Coleman PowerPack 1-Burner Stove Yes, We have Coleman PowerPack 1-Burner Stove in unbelievable now. You can purchase Coleman PowerPack 1-Burner Stove in stock at unbelievable now. Secure check out and fast shipping to you just a few moment at unbelievable!! read more The Coleman PowerPack 1-Burner Stove is designed to make camp cooking easy. The 7,500-BTU burner is fully adjustable from low to high, for maximum control. Coleman s PerfectFlow pressure-control system and PerfectHeat technology make this stove fuel-efficient and reliable, even in cold weather, at high altitudes or when fuel is low. The stove s low-profile, compact design means it s easy to clean, store and pack. Buy Lowest Sale Price from Here! Special Price ! 7,500-BTU burner adjusts from high to low for optimal cooking performance PerfectFlow pressure-control system Lightweight for convenient packing Low-profile design Compact to store Great Deal for Coleman PowerPack 1-Burner Stove. Deep Discounts on Coleman PowerPack 1-Burner Stove Sale In Stock Now. Big Save on Coleman PowerPack 1-Burner Stove . Purchase Online Special Offer & FREE Shipping Today Helpful Information for Customer Reviews to see what people talking about this product title 4 34 Relate keywords coleman propane grill parts,coleman electric grill parts,coleman lp grill parts,coleman oil grill parts,coleman butane grill parts,coleman natural gas grill parts,portable propane grill parts,camping propane grill parts,century propane grill parts,propane cylinder grill parts,target propane grill parts,fleetwood propane grill parts,small propane grill parts,16.4 oz propane grill parts,igloo propane grill parts,cabelas propane grill parts,coleman propane grill covers,coleman propane grill accessories,coleman propane grill grates,coleman propane grill burners,coleman propane grill regulator, Comments Tags 1Burner , Coleman , PowerPack , PowerPack 1Burner , PowerPack Coleman Comments are closed. Recent Posts Coleman 9949-750 Road Trip Grill LXE to Enjoy Big Savings CoMet Lightweight 11lb Propane Cylinder Marine with Level Gauge on Deals Coleman RoadTrip Grill Cover to Low Prices ETQ PG30P11 3,500 Watt 7 HP 208cc 4-Cycle OHV Propane Powered Portable Generator to Low Prices Coleman 425F499G 2 Burner Compact Gas Stove on Deals Mr. Heater Double Tank-Top Propane Heater 8,000-28,000 BTU, Model# MH24T For Best Value Coleman 2-Burner InstaStart PerfectFlow Propane Stove For Best Price CoMet Lightweight 11lb Propane Cylinder Blue Wave with Level Gauge to Enjoy Big Savings Propane Regulator Shop Today Coleman PowerPack 1-Burner Stove For Sale Tags 1Burner Coleman Cylinder Lightweight PowerPack PowerPack 1Burner PowerPack Coleman Prices Propane Savings Powered by WordPress and Created for Coleman Propane Grill Parts | Gas Barbecue Sale http //colemanpropanegrillparts.gasbarbecuesale.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com Web Toolbar by Wibiya')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01016', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Coleman Propane Grill Parts ETQ PG30P11 3,500 Watt 7 HP 208cc 4-Cycle OHV Propane Powered Portable Generator to Low Prices CoMet Lightweight 11lb Propane Cylinder Marine with Level Gauge on Deals Coleman RoadTrip Grill Cover to Low Prices Coleman RoadTrip Grill Cover bargain price Coleman RoadTrip Grill Cover For Bestselling Are you searching for Coleman RoadTrip Grill Cover Yes, We have Coleman RoadTrip Grill Cover in bargain price online here. You can best buy Coleman RoadTrip Grill Cover in stock at bargain price online here. Secure check out and fast shipping to you just a few moment at bargain price!! read more Protect your Coleman RoadTrip Grill with this sturdy, versatile cover. The RoadTrip Grill Cover is full-length, to shield your grill from the elements, and is constructed of heavy-duty PVC-coated material that resists cracking and fading. Adjustable, built-in straps keep the cover secure in windy conditions. This Grill Cover fits all Coleman propane-powered RoadTrip Grills, including models 9941, 9944, 9949, and the new RoadTrip Pro Grills. Buy Lowest Sale Price from Here! Special Price ! Versatile cover fits all propane-powered Coleman RoadTrip series grills, including models 9941, 9944, 9949, and RoadTrip Pro Full-length cover shields grill from the elements Heavy-duty PVC-coated material resists cracking and fading Sturdy adjustable straps secure cover in windy conditions Made in China Great Deal for Coleman RoadTrip Grill Cover. Cool Saving Prices on Coleman RoadTrip Grill Cover Sale In Stock Now. Super Low Prices on Coleman RoadTrip Grill Cover . Purchase Online Special Offer & FREE Shipping Today Helpful Information for Customer Reviews to see what people talking about this product title 4 21 Relate keywords coleman propane grill parts,coleman electric grill parts,coleman lp grill parts,coleman oil grill parts,coleman butane grill parts,coleman natural gas grill parts,portable propane grill parts,camping propane grill parts,century propane grill parts,propane cylinder grill parts,target propane grill parts,fleetwood propane grill parts,small propane grill parts,16.4 oz propane grill parts,igloo propane grill parts,cabelas propane grill parts,coleman propane grill covers,coleman propane grill accessories,coleman propane grill grates,coleman propane grill burners,coleman propane grill regulator, Comments Tags Coleman , Prices , Prices Coleman , Prices RoadTrip , RoadTrip Comments are closed. Recent Posts Coleman 9949-750 Road Trip Grill LXE to Enjoy Big Savings CoMet Lightweight 11lb Propane Cylinder Marine with Level Gauge on Deals Coleman RoadTrip Grill Cover to Low Prices ETQ PG30P11 3,500 Watt 7 HP 208cc 4-Cycle OHV Propane Powered Portable Generator to Low Prices Coleman 425F499G 2 Burner Compact Gas Stove on Deals Mr. Heater Double Tank-Top Propane Heater 8,000-28,000 BTU, Model# MH24T For Best Value Coleman 2-Burner InstaStart PerfectFlow Propane Stove For Best Price CoMet Lightweight 11lb Propane Cylinder Blue Wave with Level Gauge to Enjoy Big Savings Propane Regulator Shop Today Coleman PowerPack 1-Burner Stove For Sale Tags 1Burner Coleman Cylinder Lightweight PowerPack PowerPack 1Burner PowerPack Coleman Prices Propane Savings Powered by WordPress and Created for Coleman Propane Grill Parts | Gas Barbecue Sale http //colemanpropanegrillparts.gasbarbecuesale.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com Web Toolbar by Wibiya')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01017', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Coleman Propane Grill Parts Coleman RoadTrip Grill Cover to Low Prices Coleman 9949-750 Road Trip Grill LXE to Enjoy Big Savings CoMet Lightweight 11lb Propane Cylinder Marine with Level Gauge on Deals CoMet Lightweight 11lb Propane Cylinder Marine with Level Gauge affordable price CoMet Lightweight 11lb Propane Cylinder Marine with Level Gauge to Deep Discounts Are you looking for CoMet Lightweight 11lb Propane Cylinder Marine with Level Gauge Yes, We have CoMet Lightweight 11lb Propane Cylinder Marine with Level Gauge in affordable price online today. You can best buy CoMet Lightweight 11lb Propane Cylinder Marine with Level Gauge in stock at affordable price online today. Secure check out and fast service to you just a few moment at affordable price!! read more Meet the Ultimate Generation of Propane Cylinders! The CoMet is a lightweight propane cylinder incorporating a high strength coated steel liner reinforced with Twintex Fiber and covered with a high density polyethylene ergonomic jacket. The special In Mold Labeling IML technology integrates the graphics during the molding process, ensuring a durable, long lasting finish that will look good for years. The CoMet can be used for Barbeque, Camping, Boating, Tailgating, Patio Heaters, etc The CoMet is equipped with an OPD valve with built-in pressure level gauge and was designed to fit all the standard home usages where regular heavy and corrosive steel propane cylinders are being used. The CoMet is very easy to carry due to its lightweight and ergonomics and simple to transport due to its wide base. More than 1.5 Million CoMet Cylinders are being used worldwide. The CoMet Cylinder is approved according DOT United States and TC Canada and can be used in both countries. About the manufacturer, Amtrol is the world s top exporter of steel and composite cylinders for the LP and Refrigerant Gas markets. With over 50 years of global cylinder manufacturing experience, Amtrol is recognized for developing safe, dependable and modern products like the CoMet composite-metal propane tank. As the world s largest producer of lightweight cylinders, Amtrol strives to create value through innovation, focusing on costumers needs and delivering the right solutions to more than 100 countries. Cylinder is shipped empty and can be filled with 11lb 5kg of propane. Buy Lowest Sale Price from Here! Special Price ! Safe & Lightweight. Weights only 11.5lb empty! Very Easy to Clean & Corrosion Free Fits in Gas Grills, Camping, Tailgating, Boating, Patio Heaters, etc OPD Valve with Built-In Level Gauge. Never run out of propane again Ergonomic Handle & Wide Base to not fall during transport Great Deal for CoMet Lightweight 11lb Propane Cylinder Marine with Level Gauge. Big Saving Prices on CoMet Lightweight 11lb Propane Cylinder Marine with Level Gauge Sale In Stock Now. Super Low Prices on CoMet Lightweight 11lb Propane Cylinder Marine with Level Gauge . Purchase Online Special Offer & FREE Shipping Today Helpful Information for Customer Reviews to see what people talking about this product title 4 37 Relate keywords coleman propane grill parts,coleman electric grill parts,coleman lp grill parts,coleman oil grill parts,coleman butane grill parts,coleman natural gas grill parts,portable propane grill parts,camping propane grill parts,century propane grill parts,propane cylinder grill parts,target propane grill parts,fleetwood propane grill parts,small propane grill parts,16.4 oz propane grill parts,igloo propane grill parts,cabelas propane grill parts,coleman propane grill covers,coleman propane grill accessories,coleman propane grill grates,coleman propane grill burners,coleman propane grill regulator, Comments Tags Cylinder , Cylinder Propane , Lightweight , Marine , Propane , Propane Marine Comments are closed. Recent Posts Coleman 9949-750 Road Trip Grill LXE to Enjoy Big Savings CoMet Lightweight 11lb Propane Cylinder Marine with Level Gauge on Deals Coleman RoadTrip Grill Cover to Low Prices ETQ PG30P11 3,500 Watt 7 HP 208cc 4-Cycle OHV Propane Powered Portable Generator to Low Prices Coleman 425F499G 2 Burner Compact Gas Stove on Deals Mr. Heater Double Tank-Top Propane Heater 8,000-28,000 BTU, Model# MH24T For Best Value Coleman 2-Burner InstaStart PerfectFlow Propane Stove For Best Price CoMet Lightweight 11lb Propane Cylinder Blue Wave with Level Gauge to Enjoy Big Savings Propane Regulator Shop Today Coleman PowerPack 1-Burner Stove For Sale Tags 1Burner Coleman Cylinder Lightweight PowerPack PowerPack 1Burner PowerPack Coleman Prices Propane Savings Powered by WordPress and Created for Coleman Propane Grill Parts | Gas Barbecue Sale http //colemanpropanegrillparts.gasbarbecuesale.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com Web Toolbar by Wibiya')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01018', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Coleman Propane Grill Parts Coleman PowerPack 1-Burner Stove For Sale CoMet Lightweight 11lb Propane Cylinder Blue Wave with Level Gauge to Enjoy Big Savings Propane Regulator Shop Today Propane Regulator reasonable price Propane Regulator For Great Deals Are you searching for Propane Regulator Yes, We have Propane Regulator in reasonable price online today. You can purchase Propane Regulator in stock at reasonable price online today. Secure check out and fast shipping to you just a few moment at reasonable price!! read more Fits most propane barbecue grills, stoves, patio and portable heaters 4 lb to 40 lb tanks 72 easy-flex rubber hose 3/8 inside-diameter with zinc-plated hose clamp Buy Lowest Sale Price from Here! Special Price ! For standard propane tanks with code-required Overfill Protection Device OPD valves Fits most propane barbecue grills, stoves, patio and portable heaters; 4 lb to 40 lb tanks Replaces non-functioning regulators; cracked, damaged or leaking propane hoses Upgrade older propane appliances to OPD standards; quick-connect male tank-valve fitting 72 easy-flex rubber hose, 3/8 inside-diameter with zinc-plated hose clamp Best Buy Cheap on Propane Regulator. Deep Discounts on Propane Regulator Sale In Stock Now. Big Save on Propane Regulator . Purchase Online Special Offer & FREE Shipping Today Helpful Information for Customer Reviews to see what people talking about this product title 4 15 Relate keywords coleman propane grill parts,coleman electric grill parts,coleman lp grill parts,coleman oil grill parts,coleman butane grill parts,coleman natural gas grill parts,portable propane grill parts,camping propane grill parts,century propane grill parts,propane cylinder grill parts,target propane grill parts,fleetwood propane grill parts,small propane grill parts,16.4 oz propane grill parts,igloo propane grill parts,cabelas propane grill parts,coleman propane grill covers,coleman propane grill accessories,coleman propane grill grates,coleman propane grill burners,coleman propane grill regulator, Comments Tags Propane , Propane Regulator , Regulator Comments are closed. Recent Posts Coleman 9949-750 Road Trip Grill LXE to Enjoy Big Savings CoMet Lightweight 11lb Propane Cylinder Marine with Level Gauge on Deals Coleman RoadTrip Grill Cover to Low Prices ETQ PG30P11 3,500 Watt 7 HP 208cc 4-Cycle OHV Propane Powered Portable Generator to Low Prices Coleman 425F499G 2 Burner Compact Gas Stove on Deals Mr. Heater Double Tank-Top Propane Heater 8,000-28,000 BTU, Model# MH24T For Best Value Coleman 2-Burner InstaStart PerfectFlow Propane Stove For Best Price CoMet Lightweight 11lb Propane Cylinder Blue Wave with Level Gauge to Enjoy Big Savings Propane Regulator Shop Today Coleman PowerPack 1-Burner Stove For Sale Tags 1Burner Coleman Cylinder Lightweight PowerPack PowerPack 1Burner PowerPack Coleman Prices Propane Savings Powered by WordPress and Created for Coleman Propane Grill Parts | Gas Barbecue Sale http //colemanpropanegrillparts.gasbarbecuesale.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com Web Toolbar by Wibiya')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01020', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Contemporary Furniture Manufacturers Night Stand Save Price with Promotion Today Save Big on Night Stand Discount on Night Stand. We Offer Night Stand to Big Deals I read a lot of the Night Stand discount price reviews and comparison before I bought this. Don t spend more than you have to! I already done the research for you. Read Here where to buy Night Stand at SUPER LOW Prices! Visit the new arrival in Night Stand list for authoritative information on this product current rank. read more Read the rest of this entry Tags Promotion South Shore Furniture Lounge Collection TV Stand, Havana Offer Promotion Today Save Huge on South Shore Furniture Lounge Collection TV Stand, Havana Save Big on South Shore Furniture Lounge Collection TV Stand, Havana. We Offer South Shore Furniture Lounge Collection TV Stand, Havana Shop and Save I read a lot of the South Shore Furniture Lounge Collection TV Stand, Havana low price reviews before I bought this. Don t spend more than you have to! I already done the research for you. Read Here where to buy South Shore Furniture Lounge Collection TV Stand, Havana at The GREAT Prices! Visit the top bestsellers in South Shore Furniture Lounge Collection TV Stand, Havana list for authoritative information on this product current rank. read more Read the rest of this entry Tags Collection , Furniture , Furniture Promotion , Havana , Lounge , Promotion , Stand , Stand Havana Canvas Prints of NIS023366 from Car Photo Library Save Price with Promotion Today Cool Savings on Canvas Prints of NIS023366 from Car Photo Library Shopping Deals on Canvas Prints of NIS023366 from Car Photo Library. We Offer Canvas Prints of NIS023366 from Car Photo Library on Huge Savings I read a lot of the Canvas Prints of NIS023366 from Car Photo Library low price reviews and comparison before I bought this. Don t spend more than you have to! I already done the research for you. Read Here where to buy Canvas Prints of NIS023366 from Car Photo Library at REASONABLE Cost! Visit the bestsellers in Canvas Prints of NIS023366 from Car Photo Library list for authoritative information on this product current rank. read more Read the rest of this entry Tags Canvas , Canvas NIS023366 , Canvas Prints , Library , NIS023366 , Prints , Promotion Canvas Prints of Suzuki V-Storm 6 from Car Photo Library Save Price Shopping Online Deals on Canvas Prints of Suzuki V-Storm 6 from Car Photo Library Super Low Prices on Canvas Prints of Suzuki V-Storm 6 from Car Photo Library. We Offer Canvas Prints of Suzuki V-Storm 6 from Car Photo Library to Deep Discounts I read a lot of the Canvas Prints of Suzuki V-Storm 6 from Car Photo Library best price reviews and comparison before I bought this. Don t spend more than you have to! I already done the research for you. Read Here where to buy Canvas Prints of Suzuki V-Storm 6 from Car Photo Library at REDUCED Prices! Visit the promotions in Canvas Prints of Suzuki V-Storm 6 from Car Photo Library list for authoritative information on this product current rank. read more Read the rest of this entry Tags Canvas , Canvas Prints , Library , Online , Prints , Shopping , Suzuki , Suzuki Shopping , VStorm Framed Prints of HONB023731 from Car Photo Library Promotion Today Shop for Framed Prints of HONB023731 from Car Photo Library Low Prices on Framed Prints of HONB023731 from Car Photo Library. We Offer Framed Prints of HONB023731 from Car Photo Library For Shopping Deals I read a lot of the Framed Prints of HONB023731 from Car Photo Library affordable price reviews and comparison before I bought this. Don t spend more than you have to! I already done the research for you. Read Here where to buy Framed Prints of HONB023731 from Car Photo Library at The SPECIAL Prices! Visit the top bestsellers in Framed Prints of HONB023731 from Car Photo Library list for authoritative information on this product current rank. read more Read the rest of this entry Tags Framed , HONB023731 , Library , Library Prints , Library Promotion , Prints , Promotion Framed Prints of HONB023731 from Car Photo Library Promotions Discount Find Great Deals on Framed Prints of HONB023731 from Car Photo Library Great Selection of Top Framed Prints of HONB023731 from Car Photo Library. We Offer Framed Prints of HONB023731 from Car Photo Library Hot Price I read a lot of the Framed Prints of HONB023731 from Car Photo Library affordable price reviews before I bought this. Don t spend more than you have to! I already done the research for you. Read Here where to buy Framed Prints of HONB023731 from Car Photo Library at The CHEAPEST Prices! Visit the promotions in Framed Prints of HONB023731 from Car Photo Library list for authoritative information on this product current rank. read more Read the rest of this entry Tags Discount , Framed , HONB023731 , HONB023731 Library , Library , Prints , Promotions Recent Posts Night Stand Save Price with Promotion Today South Shore Furniture Lounge Collection TV Stand, Havana Offer Promotion Today Canvas Prints of NIS023366 from Car Photo Library Save Price with Promotion Today Canvas Prints of Suzuki V-Storm 6 from Car Photo Library Save Price Shopping Online Framed Prints of HONB023731 from Car Photo Library Promotion Today Framed Prints of HONB023731 from Car Photo Library Promotions Discount Tags Canvas Canvas NIS023366 Canvas Prints Collection Discount Framed Furniture Furniture Promotion Havana HONB023731 HONB023731 Library Library Library Prints Library Promotion Lounge NIS023366 Online Prints Promotion Promotions Shopping Stand Stand Havana Suzuki Suzuki Shopping VStorm Powered by WordPress and Created for Contemporary Furniture Manufacturers | Deck Furniture Sale http //contemporaryfurnituremanufacturers.deckfurnituresale.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com Web Toolbar by Wibiya')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01021', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Contemporary Furniture Manufacturers Canvas Prints of Suzuki V-Storm 6 from Car Photo Library Save Price Shopping Online South Shore Furniture Lounge Collection TV Stand, Havana Offer Promotion Today Canvas Prints of NIS023366 from Car Photo Library Save Price with Promotion Today Cool Savings on Canvas Prints of NIS023366 from Car Photo Library Shopping Deals on Canvas Prints of NIS023366 from Car Photo Library. We Offer Canvas Prints of NIS023366 from Car Photo Library on Huge Savings I read a lot of the Canvas Prints of NIS023366 from Car Photo Library low price reviews and comparison before I bought this. Don t spend more than you have to! I already done the research for you. Read Here where to buy Canvas Prints of NIS023366 from Car Photo Library at REASONABLE Cost! Visit the bestsellers in Canvas Prints of NIS023366 from Car Photo Library list for authoritative information on this product current rank. read more 14 11 Canvas Print, White Sides. , NIS023366. car, Nissan, Primera, ex, Leslie, BTCC, Manufacturers,. Chosen by Car Photo Library. Photo printed on archival quality canvas. Laminated. Canvas print stretched and hand mounted over thick 1 3/8 inch wooden bars. No frame, Gallery art appearance. Ready to hang. Buy Lowest Sale Price from Here! Special Price ! This 14 11 Canvas Print features an image chosen by Car Photo Library White Sides Photo printed on archival quality canvas. Laminated. Canvas print stretched and hand mounted over thick 1 3/8 inch wooden bars. No frame, Gallery art appearance. Ready to hang Image Description car, Nissan, Primera, ex, Leslie, BTCC, Manufacturers, For any queries regarding this item please contact Car Photo Library c/o Media Storehouse quoting Media Reference 5824861 Copyright Car Photo Library You can buy Canvas Prints of NIS023366 from Car Photo Library from many big retailers offline or online like Amazon, Best Buy, Target, Walmart, Cnet, Cosco, OnSale, Buy.com etc. But which one is the best We have done work for you, we find the best place to Deep Discounts Canvas Prints of NIS023366 from Car Photo Library is at Amazon.com. This giant online retailers give the special price which included safe and fast ordering for this Holiday Season|for this Holiday|for this Weekends|for this Weekend|for this Black Friday|for this Cyber Monday|for this Christmas Day|for this New Years Eve|for this Halloween|for this Father\\ s Day|for this Mother\\ s Day|for this Thanksgiving Day . Check Out This Product This at REASONABLE Cost!, Do not miss Canvas Prints of NIS023366 from Car Photo Library product. Decided to buy bestsellers Canvas Prints of NIS023366 from Car Photo Library today before it is sold out. Limited time sale and limit the number of products to sell. title 4 37 Relate keywords contemporary furniture manufacturers,contemporary furniture makers,contemporary furniture brands,contemporary dining room furniture,contemporary furniture companies,contemporary furniture distributors,italian contemporary furniture manufacturers,contemporary furniture wholesalers,contemporary office furniture,contemporary furniture brands,contemporary furniture companies,contemporary furniture wholesalers,contemporary furniture dealers,contemporary furniture sales,contemporary dining room furniture,contemporary furniture distributors,contemporary furniture suppliers,contemporary furniture products,contemporary furniture for sale,contemporary sofas,contemporary office furniture,furniture manufacturers,contemporary sectionals manufacturers,ikea manufacturers,italian contemporary furniture manufacturers,contemporary furniture,modern furniture manufacturers,transitional furniture manufacturers,platform beds manufacturers Comments Tags Canvas , Canvas NIS023366 , Canvas Prints , Library , NIS023366 , Prints , Promotion Comments are closed. Recent Posts Night Stand Save Price with Promotion Today South Shore Furniture Lounge Collection TV Stand, Havana Offer Promotion Today Canvas Prints of NIS023366 from Car Photo Library Save Price with Promotion Today Canvas Prints of Suzuki V-Storm 6 from Car Photo Library Save Price Shopping Online Framed Prints of HONB023731 from Car Photo Library Promotion Today Framed Prints of HONB023731 from Car Photo Library Promotions Discount Tags Canvas Canvas NIS023366 Canvas Prints Collection Discount Framed Furniture Furniture Promotion Havana HONB023731 HONB023731 Library Library Library Prints Library Promotion Lounge NIS023366 Online Prints Promotion Promotions Shopping Stand Stand Havana Suzuki Suzuki Shopping VStorm Powered by WordPress and Created for Contemporary Furniture Manufacturers | Deck Furniture Sale http //contemporaryfurnituremanufacturers.deckfurnituresale.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com Web Toolbar by Wibiya')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01022', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Contemporary Furniture Manufacturers Framed Prints of HONB023731 from Car Photo Library Promotion Today Framed Prints of HONB023731 from Car Photo Library Promotions Discount Find Great Deals on Framed Prints of HONB023731 from Car Photo Library Great Selection of Top Framed Prints of HONB023731 from Car Photo Library. We Offer Framed Prints of HONB023731 from Car Photo Library Hot Price I read a lot of the Framed Prints of HONB023731 from Car Photo Library affordable price reviews before I bought this. Don t spend more than you have to! I already done the research for you. Read Here where to buy Framed Prints of HONB023731 from Car Photo Library at The CHEAPEST Prices! Visit the promotions in Framed Prints of HONB023731 from Car Photo Library list for authoritative information on this product current rank. read more 14 11 Framed Print, Black Satin Frame Off-White Digital Mat. , HONB023731. bike, Honda, XL650, Transalp, Japan, Japanese, Asia,. Chosen by Car Photo Library. 14 11 wooden frame with digital mat and RA4 print. Finished back including brown backing paper, hanging bracket and corner bumpers. This item is shipped from our American lab. Buy Lowest Sale Price from Here! Special Price ! This 14 11 Framed Print features an image chosen by Car Photo Library Black Satin Frame Off-White Digital Mat 14 11 wooden frame with digital mat and RA4 print. Finished back including brown backing paper, hanging bracket and corner bumpers Image Description bike, Honda, XL650, Transalp, Japan, Japanese, Asia, For any queries regarding this item please contact Car Photo Library c/o Media Storehouse quoting Media Reference 5809817 Copyright Car Photo Library You can buy Framed Prints of HONB023731 from Car Photo Library from many big retailers offline or online like Amazon, Best Buy, Target, Walmart, Cnet, Cosco, OnSale, Buy.com etc. But which one is the best We have done work for you, we find the best place to Compare Prices Framed Prints of HONB023731 from Car Photo Library is at Amazon.com. This giant online retailers give the special price which included great service and secure ordering for this Holiday Season|for this Holiday|for this Weekends|for this Weekend|for this Black Friday|for this Cyber Monday|for this Christmas Day|for this New Years Eve|for this Halloween|for this Father\\ s Day|for this Mother\\ s Day|for this Thanksgiving Day . Check Out This Product This at The CHEAPEST Prices!, Do not miss Framed Prints of HONB023731 from Car Photo Library product. Decided to buy cheap promotions Framed Prints of HONB023731 from Car Photo Library today before it is sold out. Limited time sale and limit the number of products to sell. title 4 20 Relate keywords contemporary furniture manufacturers,contemporary furniture makers,contemporary furniture brands,contemporary dining room furniture,contemporary furniture companies,contemporary furniture distributors,italian contemporary furniture manufacturers,contemporary furniture wholesalers,contemporary office furniture,contemporary furniture brands,contemporary furniture companies,contemporary furniture wholesalers,contemporary furniture dealers,contemporary furniture sales,contemporary dining room furniture,contemporary furniture distributors,contemporary furniture suppliers,contemporary furniture products,contemporary furniture for sale,contemporary sofas,contemporary office furniture,furniture manufacturers,contemporary sectionals manufacturers,ikea manufacturers,italian contemporary furniture manufacturers,contemporary furniture,modern furniture manufacturers,transitional furniture manufacturers,platform beds manufacturers Comments Tags Discount , Framed , HONB023731 , HONB023731 Library , Library , Prints , Promotions Comments are closed. Recent Posts Night Stand Save Price with Promotion Today South Shore Furniture Lounge Collection TV Stand, Havana Offer Promotion Today Canvas Prints of NIS023366 from Car Photo Library Save Price with Promotion Today Canvas Prints of Suzuki V-Storm 6 from Car Photo Library Save Price Shopping Online Framed Prints of HONB023731 from Car Photo Library Promotion Today Framed Prints of HONB023731 from Car Photo Library Promotions Discount Tags Canvas Canvas NIS023366 Canvas Prints Collection Discount Framed Furniture Furniture Promotion Havana HONB023731 HONB023731 Library Library Library Prints Library Promotion Lounge NIS023366 Online Prints Promotion Promotions Shopping Stand Stand Havana Suzuki Suzuki Shopping VStorm Powered by WordPress and Created for Contemporary Furniture Manufacturers | Deck Furniture Sale http //contemporaryfurnituremanufacturers.deckfurnituresale.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com Web Toolbar by Wibiya')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01023', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Contemporary Furniture Manufacturers Framed Prints of HONB023731 from Car Photo Library Promotions Discount Canvas Prints of Suzuki V-Storm 6 from Car Photo Library Save Price Shopping Online Framed Prints of HONB023731 from Car Photo Library Promotion Today Shop for Framed Prints of HONB023731 from Car Photo Library Low Prices on Framed Prints of HONB023731 from Car Photo Library. We Offer Framed Prints of HONB023731 from Car Photo Library For Shopping Deals I read a lot of the Framed Prints of HONB023731 from Car Photo Library affordable price reviews and comparison before I bought this. Don t spend more than you have to! I already done the research for you. Read Here where to buy Framed Prints of HONB023731 from Car Photo Library at The SPECIAL Prices! Visit the top bestsellers in Framed Prints of HONB023731 from Car Photo Library list for authoritative information on this product current rank. read more 14 11 Framed Print, Black Satin Frame Off-White Digital Mat. , HONB023731. bike, Honda, XL650, Transalp, Japan, Japanese, Asia,. Chosen by Car Photo Library. 14 11 wooden frame with digital mat and RA4 print. Finished back including brown backing paper, hanging bracket and corner bumpers. This item is shipped from our American lab. Buy Lowest Sale Price from Here! Special Price ! This 14 11 Framed Print features an image chosen by Car Photo Library Black Satin Frame Off-White Digital Mat 14 11 wooden frame with digital mat and RA4 print. Finished back including brown backing paper, hanging bracket and corner bumpers Image Description bike, Honda, XL650, Transalp, Japan, Japanese, Asia, For any queries regarding this item please contact Car Photo Library c/o Media Storehouse quoting Media Reference 5809817 Copyright Car Photo Library You can buy Framed Prints of HONB023731 from Car Photo Library from many big retailers offline or online like Amazon, Best Buy, Target, Walmart, Cnet, Cosco, OnSale, Buy.com etc. But which one is the best We have done work for you, we find the best place to Low Prices Framed Prints of HONB023731 from Car Photo Library is at Amazon.com. This giant online retailers give the best price which included fast ship and safe ordering for this Holiday Season|for this Holiday|for this Weekends|for this Weekend|for this Black Friday|for this Cyber Monday|for this Christmas Day|for this New Years Eve|for this Halloween|for this Father\\ s Day|for this Mother\\ s Day|for this Thanksgiving Day . Check Out This Product This at The SPECIAL Prices!, Do not miss Framed Prints of HONB023731 from Car Photo Library product. Decided to buy cheap top bestsellers Framed Prints of HONB023731 from Car Photo Library today before it is sold out. Limited time sale and limit the number of products to sell. title 4 37 Relate keywords contemporary furniture manufacturers,contemporary furniture makers,contemporary furniture brands,contemporary dining room furniture,contemporary furniture companies,contemporary furniture distributors,italian contemporary furniture manufacturers,contemporary furniture wholesalers,contemporary office furniture,contemporary furniture brands,contemporary furniture companies,contemporary furniture wholesalers,contemporary furniture dealers,contemporary furniture sales,contemporary dining room furniture,contemporary furniture distributors,contemporary furniture suppliers,contemporary furniture products,contemporary furniture for sale,contemporary sofas,contemporary office furniture,furniture manufacturers,contemporary sectionals manufacturers,ikea manufacturers,italian contemporary furniture manufacturers,contemporary furniture,modern furniture manufacturers,transitional furniture manufacturers,platform beds manufacturers Comments Tags Framed , HONB023731 , Library , Library Prints , Library Promotion , Prints , Promotion Comments are closed. Recent Posts Night Stand Save Price with Promotion Today South Shore Furniture Lounge Collection TV Stand, Havana Offer Promotion Today Canvas Prints of NIS023366 from Car Photo Library Save Price with Promotion Today Canvas Prints of Suzuki V-Storm 6 from Car Photo Library Save Price Shopping Online Framed Prints of HONB023731 from Car Photo Library Promotion Today Framed Prints of HONB023731 from Car Photo Library Promotions Discount Tags Canvas Canvas NIS023366 Canvas Prints Collection Discount Framed Furniture Furniture Promotion Havana HONB023731 HONB023731 Library Library Library Prints Library Promotion Lounge NIS023366 Online Prints Promotion Promotions Shopping Stand Stand Havana Suzuki Suzuki Shopping VStorm Powered by WordPress and Created for Contemporary Furniture Manufacturers | Deck Furniture Sale http //contemporaryfurnituremanufacturers.deckfurnituresale.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com Web Toolbar by Wibiya')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01024', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Contemporary Furniture Manufacturers South Shore Furniture Lounge Collection TV Stand, Havana Offer Promotion Today Night Stand Save Price with Promotion Today Save Big on Night Stand Discount on Night Stand. We Offer Night Stand to Big Deals I read a lot of the Night Stand discount price reviews and comparison before I bought this. Don t spend more than you have to! I already done the research for you. Read Here where to buy Night Stand at SUPER LOW Prices! Visit the new arrival in Night Stand list for authoritative information on this product current rank. read more This bedroom collection captures the beautiful look of rich contemporary styling with a unique flair that is all its own. Buy Lowest Sale Price from Here! Special Price ! Contemporary Espresso finish. 2- Drawer Night Stand 29 W x 19 D x 30 H You can buy Night Stand from many big retailers offline or online like Amazon, Best Buy, Target, Walmart, Cnet, Cosco, OnSale, Buy.com etc. But which one is the best We have done work for you, we find the best place to Deep Discounts Night Stand is at Amazon.com. This giant online retailers give the best price which included satisfaction guarantee and secure ordering for this Holiday Season|for this Holiday|for this Weekends|for this Weekend|for this Black Friday|for this Cyber Monday|for this Christmas Day|for this New Years Eve|for this Halloween|for this Father\\ s Day|for this Mother\\ s Day|for this Thanksgiving Day . Check Out This Product This at SUPER LOW Prices!, Do not miss Night Stand product. Decided to order new arrival Night Stand today before it is sold out. Limited time sale and limit the number of products to sell. title 4 39 Relate keywords contemporary furniture manufacturers,contemporary furniture makers,contemporary furniture brands,contemporary dining room furniture,contemporary furniture companies,contemporary furniture distributors,italian contemporary furniture manufacturers,contemporary furniture wholesalers,contemporary office furniture,contemporary furniture brands,contemporary furniture companies,contemporary furniture wholesalers,contemporary furniture dealers,contemporary furniture sales,contemporary dining room furniture,contemporary furniture distributors,contemporary furniture suppliers,contemporary furniture products,contemporary furniture for sale,contemporary sofas,contemporary office furniture,furniture manufacturers,contemporary sectionals manufacturers,ikea manufacturers,italian contemporary furniture manufacturers,contemporary furniture,modern furniture manufacturers,transitional furniture manufacturers,platform beds manufacturers Comments Tags Promotion Comments are closed. Recent Posts Night Stand Save Price with Promotion Today South Shore Furniture Lounge Collection TV Stand, Havana Offer Promotion Today Canvas Prints of NIS023366 from Car Photo Library Save Price with Promotion Today Canvas Prints of Suzuki V-Storm 6 from Car Photo Library Save Price Shopping Online Framed Prints of HONB023731 from Car Photo Library Promotion Today Framed Prints of HONB023731 from Car Photo Library Promotions Discount Tags Canvas Canvas NIS023366 Canvas Prints Collection Discount Framed Furniture Furniture Promotion Havana HONB023731 HONB023731 Library Library Library Prints Library Promotion Lounge NIS023366 Online Prints Promotion Promotions Shopping Stand Stand Havana Suzuki Suzuki Shopping VStorm Powered by WordPress and Created for Contemporary Furniture Manufacturers | Deck Furniture Sale http //contemporaryfurnituremanufacturers.deckfurnituresale.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com Web Toolbar by Wibiya')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01025', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Contemporary Furniture Manufacturers Canvas Prints of NIS023366 from Car Photo Library Save Price with Promotion Today South Shore Furniture Lounge Collection TV Stand, Havana Offer Promotion Today Save Huge on South Shore Furniture Lounge Collection TV Stand, Havana Save Big on South Shore Furniture Lounge Collection TV Stand, Havana. We Offer South Shore Furniture Lounge Collection TV Stand, Havana Shop and Save I read a lot of the South Shore Furniture Lounge Collection TV Stand, Havana low price reviews before I bought this. Don t spend more than you have to! I already done the research for you. Read Here where to buy South Shore Furniture Lounge Collection TV Stand, Havana at The GREAT Prices! Visit the top bestsellers in South Shore Furniture Lounge Collection TV Stand, Havana list for authoritative information on this product current rank. read more 4339661 South Shore Furniture TV Stand, Lounge Collection, Transitional, Havana. This dramatic TV stand combines form and function. Smooth curves, architectural details, and an exotic finish combine to create a relaxed casual room. Buy Lowest Sale Price from Here! Special Price ! Transitional 23-inch high TV stand from South Shore Furniture s Lounge Collection; built to accommodate a television with a 42-inch screen or smaller Environmentally Preferred Product EPP certified construction features laminated engineered wood with a warm brown wood grain-style Havana finish; mixes contemporary straight lines and more traditional curved apron at the bottom of the stand With 2 shelf compartments for extra electronic components above 2 storage drawers; 2 pre-installed holes per shelf in unit s back panel for organized, discrete wire and cable passage Drawers open with ease on durable metal slides by on the loop handles; TV stand requires adult home assembly TV stand measures 48 inches wide by 23 inches deep by 23 inches high and weighs 81 pounds assembled; a 5-year manufacturer warranty cover this item upon online product registration You can buy South Shore Furniture Lounge Collection TV Stand, Havana from many big retailers offline or online like Amazon, Best Buy, Target, Walmart, Cnet, Cosco, OnSale, Buy.com etc. But which one is the best We have done work for you, we find the best place to Lowest Prices South Shore Furniture Lounge Collection TV Stand, Havana is at Amazon.com. This giant online retailers give the reduced price which included guarantee great service and fast ordering for this Holiday Season|for this Holiday|for this Weekends|for this Weekend|for this Black Friday|for this Cyber Monday|for this Christmas Day|for this New Years Eve|for this Halloween|for this Father\\ s Day|for this Mother\\ s Day|for this Thanksgiving Day . Check Out This Product This at The GREAT Prices!, Do not miss South Shore Furniture Lounge Collection TV Stand, Havana product. Decided to buy top bestsellers South Shore Furniture Lounge Collection TV Stand, Havana today before it is sold out. Limited time sale and limit the number of products to sell. title 4 15 Relate keywords contemporary furniture manufacturers,contemporary furniture makers,contemporary furniture brands,contemporary dining room furniture,contemporary furniture companies,contemporary furniture distributors,italian contemporary furniture manufacturers,contemporary furniture wholesalers,contemporary office furniture,contemporary furniture brands,contemporary furniture companies,contemporary furniture wholesalers,contemporary furniture dealers,contemporary furniture sales,contemporary dining room furniture,contemporary furniture distributors,contemporary furniture suppliers,contemporary furniture products,contemporary furniture for sale,contemporary sofas,contemporary office furniture,furniture manufacturers,contemporary sectionals manufacturers,ikea manufacturers,italian contemporary furniture manufacturers,contemporary furniture,modern furniture manufacturers,transitional furniture manufacturers,platform beds manufacturers Comments Tags Collection , Furniture , Furniture Promotion , Havana , Lounge , Promotion , Stand , Stand Havana Comments are closed. Recent Posts South Shore Furniture Lounge Collection TV Stand, Havana Offer Promotion Today Canvas Prints of NIS023366 from Car Photo Library Save Price with Promotion Today Canvas Prints of Suzuki V-Storm 6 from Car Photo Library Save Price Shopping Online Framed Prints of HONB023731 from Car Photo Library Promotion Today Framed Prints of HONB023731 from Car Photo Library Promotions Discount Tags Canvas Canvas NIS023366 Canvas Prints Collection Discount Framed Furniture Furniture Promotion Havana HONB023731 HONB023731 Library Library Library Prints Library Promotion Lounge NIS023366 Online Prints Promotion Promotions Shopping Stand Stand Havana Suzuki Suzuki Shopping VStorm Powered by WordPress and Created for Contemporary Furniture Manufacturers | Deck Furniture Sale http //contemporaryfurnituremanufacturers.deckfurnituresale.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com Web Toolbar by Wibiya')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01027', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Cuisinart Products Cuisinart Ella Frost Stainless Baby Food Pusher HC, Sterling Silver to Lowest Prices Get research about Cuisinart Ella Frost Stainless Baby Food Pusher HC, Sterling Silver today. Best order Cuisinart Ella Frost Stainless Baby Food Pusher HC, Sterling Silver and get more great promotion on Cuisinart Ella Frost Stainless Baby Food Pusher HC, Sterling Silver. Customer buying Choice Cuisinart Ella Frost Stainless Baby Food Pusher HC, Sterling Silver. Quick! This promotion with limited time offer. Get Cuisinart Ella Frost Stainless Baby Food Pusher HC, Sterling Silver Now!. read more Read the rest of this entry Tags Cuisinart , Cuisinart Silver , Lowest , Prices , Pusher , Silver , Silver Cuisinart , Stainless , Sterling Cuisinart Symmetry Stainless Macaroni Server With Stainless Blade HC, Sterling Silver on Huge Savings Get information about Cuisinart Symmetry Stainless Macaroni Server With Stainless Blade HC, Sterling Silver now. Best order Cuisinart Symmetry Stainless Macaroni Server With Stainless Blade HC, Sterling Silver and get more top bestsellers on Cuisinart Symmetry Stainless Macaroni Server With Stainless Blade HC, Sterling Silver. Customer buying Choice Cuisinart Symmetry Stainless Macaroni Server With Stainless Blade HC, Sterling Silver. Quick! This promotion with limited time offer. Get Cuisinart Symmetry Stainless Macaroni Server With Stainless Blade HC, Sterling Silver Now!. read more Read the rest of this entry Tags Cuisinart , Macaroni , Macaroni Stainless , Savings , Server , Silver , Stainless , Sterling , Sterling Savings , Symmetry Hamilton Beach 48465 Brewstation Summit Ultra 12-Cup Programmable Coffeemaker to Compare Prices And Save Get review about Hamilton Beach 48465 Brewstation Summit Ultra 12-Cup Programmable Coffeemaker now. Best buy Hamilton Beach 48465 Brewstation Summit Ultra 12-Cup Programmable Coffeemaker and get more affordable price on Hamilton Beach 48465 Brewstation Summit Ultra 12-Cup Programmable Coffeemaker. Customer buying Choice Hamilton Beach 48465 Brewstation Summit Ultra 12-Cup Programmable Coffeemaker. Quick! This promotion with limited time offer. Get Hamilton Beach 48465 Brewstation Summit Ultra 12-Cup Programmable Coffeemaker Now!. read more Read the rest of this entry Tags 12Cup , Brewstation , Brewstation Programmable , Coffeemaker , Compare , Hamilton , Prices , Programmable , Summit , Summit Hamilton Cuisinart GF-80 Cleanwater Countertop Replacement Filter, White For Sales Get review about Cuisinart GF-80 Cleanwater Countertop Replacement Filter, White now. Buy cheap Cuisinart GF-80 Cleanwater Countertop Replacement Filter, White and get more cool saving on Cuisinart GF-80 Cleanwater Countertop Replacement Filter, White. Customer buying Choice Cuisinart GF-80 Cleanwater Countertop Replacement Filter, White. Quick! This promotion with limited time offer. Get Cuisinart GF-80 Cleanwater Countertop Replacement Filter, White Now!. read more Read the rest of this entry Tags Cleanwater , Cleanwater Countertop , Cleanwater Cuisinart , Countertop , Cuisinart , Filter , Replacement Cuisinart FlavorBrew 12cup Coffeemaker to Enjoy Big Savings Get research about Cuisinart FlavorBrew 12cup Coffeemaker now. Buy cheap Cuisinart FlavorBrew 12cup Coffeemaker and get more affordable price on Cuisinart FlavorBrew 12cup Coffeemaker. Customer buying Choice Cuisinart FlavorBrew 12cup Coffeemaker. Quick! This promotion with limited time offer. Get Cuisinart FlavorBrew 12cup Coffeemaker Now!. read more Read the rest of this entry Tags Coffeemaker , Cuisinart , FlavorBrew , FlavorBrew Coffeemaker , Savings Hamilton Beach 25450 Gourmet Panini Press to Low Prices Get information about Hamilton Beach 25450 Gourmet Panini Press now. Buy Hamilton Beach 25450 Gourmet Panini Press and get more cool saving on Hamilton Beach 25450 Gourmet Panini Press. Customer buying Choice Hamilton Beach 25450 Gourmet Panini Press. Quick! This promotion with limited time offer. Get Hamilton Beach 25450 Gourmet Panini Press Now!. read more Read the rest of this entry Tags Gourmet , Gourmet Prices , Hamilton , Panini , Panini Prices , Prices Cuisinart Coffee on Demand to Compare Prices And Save Get review about Cuisinart Coffee on Demand now. Buy cheap Cuisinart Coffee on Demand and get more hot products on Cuisinart Coffee on Demand. Customer buying Choice Cuisinart Coffee on Demand. Quick! This promotion with limited time offer. Get Cuisinart Coffee on Demand Now!. read more Read the rest of this entry Tags Coffee , Compare , Cuisinart , Cuisinart Coffee , Demand , Prices , Prices Compare Cuisinart Ella Frost Stainless Napkin Clip Pierced Large HC, Sterling Silver on Sale Now Get research about Cuisinart Ella Frost Stainless Napkin Clip Pierced Large HC, Sterling Silver online. Purchase Cuisinart Ella Frost Stainless Napkin Clip Pierced Large HC, Sterling Silver and get more great promotion on Cuisinart Ella Frost Stainless Napkin Clip Pierced Large HC, Sterling Silver. Customer buying Choice Cuisinart Ella Frost Stainless Napkin Clip Pierced Large HC, Sterling Silver. Quick! This promotion with limited time offer. Get Cuisinart Ella Frost Stainless Napkin Clip Pierced Large HC, Sterling Silver Now!. read more Read the rest of this entry Tags Cuisinart , Cuisinart Napkin , Napkin , Napkin Sterling , Pierced , Silver , Stainless , Sterling Cuisinart DCC-CLEANER Krups BetterBrew Coffeemaker Cleaner This cleaning product is manufactured by at Lowest Prices Get review about Cuisinart DCC-CLEANER Krups BetterBrew Coffeemaker Cleaner This cleaning product is manufactured by online. Purchase Cuisinart DCC-CLEANER Krups BetterBrew Coffeemaker Cleaner This cleaning product is manufactured by and get more cut rate on Cuisinart DCC-CLEANER Krups BetterBrew Coffeemaker Cleaner This cleaning product is manufactured by. Customer buying Choice Cuisinart DCC-CLEANER Krups BetterBrew Coffeemaker Cleaner This cleaning product is manufactured by. Quick! This promotion with limited time offer. Get Cuisinart DCC-CLEANER Krups BetterBrew Coffeemaker Cleaner This cleaning product is manufactured by Now!. read more Read the rest of this entry Tags BetterBrew , Cleaner , cleaning , Coffeemaker , Cuisinart , DCCCLEANER , Lowest , manufactured , manufactured Lowest , Prices , Prices cleaning , product Cuisinart GF-80 Cleanwater Countertop Replacement Filter, White For Savings Get research about Cuisinart GF-80 Cleanwater Countertop Replacement Filter, White today. Best order Cuisinart GF-80 Cleanwater Countertop Replacement Filter, White and get more great product on Cuisinart GF-80 Cleanwater Countertop Replacement Filter, White. Customer buying Choice Cuisinart GF-80 Cleanwater Countertop Replacement Filter, White. Quick! This promotion with limited time offer. Get Cuisinart GF-80 Cleanwater Countertop Replacement Filter, White Now!. read more Read the rest of this entry Tags Cleanwater , Countertop , Cuisinart , Cuisinart Replacement , Filter , Filter Countertop , Replacement , Savings Recent Posts Cuisinart Ella Frost Stainless Baby Food Pusher HC, Sterling Silver to Lowest Prices Cuisinart Symmetry Stainless Macaroni Server With Stainless Blade HC, Sterling Silver on Huge Savings Hamilton Beach 48465 Brewstation Summit Ultra 12-Cup Programmable Coffeemaker to Compare Prices And Save Cuisinart GF-80 Cleanwater Countertop Replacement Filter, White For Sales Cuisinart FlavorBrew 12cup Coffeemaker to Enjoy Big Savings Hamilton Beach 25450 Gourmet Panini Press to Low Prices Cuisinart Coffee on Demand to Compare Prices And Save Cuisinart Ella Frost Stainless Napkin Clip Pierced Large HC, Sterling Silver on Sale Now Cuisinart DCC-CLEANER Krups BetterBrew Coffeemaker Cleaner This cleaning product is manufactured by at Lowest Prices Cuisinart GF-80 Cleanwater Countertop Replacement Filter, White For Savings Tags Coffeemaker Countertop Cuisinart Filter Prices Replacement Savings Silver Stainless Sterling Powered by WordPress and Created for Cuisinart Products | Waffle Iron Shapes http //cuisinartproducts.waffleironshapes.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com Web Toolbar by Wibiya')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01028', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Cuisinart Products Cuisinart GF-80 Cleanwater Countertop Replacement Filter, White For Savings Cuisinart Ella Frost Stainless Napkin Clip Pierced Large HC, Sterling Silver on Sale Now Cuisinart DCC-CLEANER Krups BetterBrew Coffeemaker Cleaner This cleaning product is manufactured by at Lowest Prices Get review about Cuisinart DCC-CLEANER Krups BetterBrew Coffeemaker Cleaner This cleaning product is manufactured by online. Purchase Cuisinart DCC-CLEANER Krups BetterBrew Coffeemaker Cleaner This cleaning product is manufactured by and get more cut rate on Cuisinart DCC-CLEANER Krups BetterBrew Coffeemaker Cleaner This cleaning product is manufactured by. Customer buying Choice Cuisinart DCC-CLEANER Krups BetterBrew Coffeemaker Cleaner This cleaning product is manufactured by. Quick! This promotion with limited time offer. Get Cuisinart DCC-CLEANER Krups BetterBrew Coffeemaker Cleaner This cleaning product is manufactured by Now!. read more Cuisinart DCC-CLEANER Krups BetterBrew Coffeemaker Cleaner This cleaning product is manufactured by description The Cuisinart DCC-CLEANER Krups BetterBrew Coffeemaker Cleaner This cleaning product is manufactured by Krups fits models HOT ITEM LIKE THIS TEND TO SELL OUT VERY QUICKLY You can buy Cuisinart DCC-CLEANER Krups BetterBrew Coffeemaker Cleaner This cleaning product is manufactured by from many big retailers offline or online Best Buy, Target, Walmart, Cnet, Cosco, OnSale, Buy.com etc. But which one is the best We have done work for you, we find the best place to Lowest Prices Cuisinart DCC-CLEANER Krups BetterBrew Coffeemaker Cleaner This cleaning product is manufactured by is at HERE. This giant online retailers give the great price which included safe and secure ordering for this Holiday Season|for this Holiday|for this Weekends|for this Weekend|for this Black Friday|for this Cyber Monday|for this Christmas Day|for this New Years Eve|for this Halloween|for this Father\\ s Day|for this Mother\\ s Day|for this Thanksgiving Day . Check Out This Product This at The LOWEST Prices!, Do not miss Cuisinart DCC-CLEANER Krups BetterBrew Coffeemaker Cleaner This cleaning product is manufactured by product. Decided to buy cheap great products Cuisinart DCC-CLEANER Krups BetterBrew Coffeemaker Cleaner This cleaning product is manufactured by today before it is sold out. Limited time sale and limit the number of products to sell. Title 4 34 Relate keywords cuisinart products,where are cuisinart products manufactured,kitchen aid products,krups products,hamilton beach products,cuisinart cookware,coupons cuisinart,cuisinart coffee parts,cuisinart discounts,bed bath and beyond,kohls,macys,food processors,lowes,cuisinart parts,cuisinart customer service,cuisinart griddler,coupons cuisinart,cuisinart coffee parts,kitchen aid products,hamilton beach products,krups products,best products,braun products,william sonoma,where are cuisinart products manufactured,cuisinart cookware,cuisinart discounts,cuisinart Comments Tags BetterBrew , Cleaner , cleaning , Coffeemaker , Cuisinart , DCCCLEANER , Lowest , manufactured , manufactured Lowest , Prices , Prices cleaning , product Comments are closed. Recent Posts Cuisinart Ella Frost Stainless Baby Food Pusher HC, Sterling Silver to Lowest Prices Cuisinart Symmetry Stainless Macaroni Server With Stainless Blade HC, Sterling Silver on Huge Savings Hamilton Beach 48465 Brewstation Summit Ultra 12-Cup Programmable Coffeemaker to Compare Prices And Save Cuisinart GF-80 Cleanwater Countertop Replacement Filter, White For Sales Cuisinart FlavorBrew 12cup Coffeemaker to Enjoy Big Savings Hamilton Beach 25450 Gourmet Panini Press to Low Prices Cuisinart Coffee on Demand to Compare Prices And Save Cuisinart Ella Frost Stainless Napkin Clip Pierced Large HC, Sterling Silver on Sale Now Cuisinart DCC-CLEANER Krups BetterBrew Coffeemaker Cleaner This cleaning product is manufactured by at Lowest Prices Cuisinart GF-80 Cleanwater Countertop Replacement Filter, White For Savings Tags Coffeemaker Countertop Cuisinart Filter Prices Replacement Savings Silver Stainless Sterling Powered by WordPress and Created for Cuisinart Products | Waffle Iron Shapes http //cuisinartproducts.waffleironshapes.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com Web Toolbar by Wibiya')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01029', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Cuisinart Products Cuisinart Symmetry Stainless Macaroni Server With Stainless Blade HC, Sterling Silver on Huge Savings Cuisinart Ella Frost Stainless Baby Food Pusher HC, Sterling Silver to Lowest Prices Get research about Cuisinart Ella Frost Stainless Baby Food Pusher HC, Sterling Silver today. Best order Cuisinart Ella Frost Stainless Baby Food Pusher HC, Sterling Silver and get more great promotion on Cuisinart Ella Frost Stainless Baby Food Pusher HC, Sterling Silver. Customer buying Choice Cuisinart Ella Frost Stainless Baby Food Pusher HC, Sterling Silver. Quick! This promotion with limited time offer. Get Cuisinart Ella Frost Stainless Baby Food Pusher HC, Sterling Silver Now!. read more Cuisinart Ella Frost Stainless Baby Food Pusher HC, Sterling Silver description Cuisinart Ella Frost Stainless Baby Food Pusher HC Stainless,18/0,Glossy&Frosted Swirl HOT ITEM LIKE THIS TEND TO SELL OUT VERY QUICKLY You can buy Cuisinart Ella Frost Stainless Baby Food Pusher HC, Sterling Silver from many big retailers offline or online Best Buy, Target, Walmart, Cnet, Cosco, OnSale, Buy.com etc. But which one is the best We have done work for you, we find the best place to Deep Discounts Cuisinart Ella Frost Stainless Baby Food Pusher HC, Sterling Silver is at HERE. This giant online retailers give the great price which included safe and fast shipping for this Holiday Season|for this Holiday|for this Weekends|for this Weekend|for this Black Friday|for this Cyber Monday|for this Christmas Day|for this New Years Eve|for this Halloween|for this Father\\ s Day|for this Mother\\ s Day|for this Thanksgiving Day . Check Out This Product This at The CHEAPEST Prices!, Do not miss Cuisinart Ella Frost Stainless Baby Food Pusher HC, Sterling Silver product. Decided to purchase best products Cuisinart Ella Frost Stainless Baby Food Pusher HC, Sterling Silver today before it is sold out. Limited time sale and limit the number of products to sell. Title 4 35 Relate keywords cuisinart products,where are cuisinart products manufactured,kitchen aid products,krups products,hamilton beach products,cuisinart cookware,coupons cuisinart,cuisinart coffee parts,cuisinart discounts,bed bath and beyond,kohls,macys,food processors,lowes,cuisinart parts,cuisinart customer service,cuisinart griddler,coupons cuisinart,cuisinart coffee parts,kitchen aid products,hamilton beach products,krups products,best products,braun products,william sonoma,where are cuisinart products manufactured,cuisinart cookware,cuisinart discounts,cuisinart Comments Tags Cuisinart , Cuisinart Silver , Lowest , Prices , Pusher , Silver , Silver Cuisinart , Stainless , Sterling Comments are closed. Recent Posts Cuisinart Ella Frost Stainless Baby Food Pusher HC, Sterling Silver to Lowest Prices Cuisinart Symmetry Stainless Macaroni Server With Stainless Blade HC, Sterling Silver on Huge Savings Hamilton Beach 48465 Brewstation Summit Ultra 12-Cup Programmable Coffeemaker to Compare Prices And Save Cuisinart GF-80 Cleanwater Countertop Replacement Filter, White For Sales Cuisinart FlavorBrew 12cup Coffeemaker to Enjoy Big Savings Hamilton Beach 25450 Gourmet Panini Press to Low Prices Cuisinart Coffee on Demand to Compare Prices And Save Cuisinart Ella Frost Stainless Napkin Clip Pierced Large HC, Sterling Silver on Sale Now Cuisinart DCC-CLEANER Krups BetterBrew Coffeemaker Cleaner This cleaning product is manufactured by at Lowest Prices Cuisinart GF-80 Cleanwater Countertop Replacement Filter, White For Savings Tags Coffeemaker Countertop Cuisinart Filter Prices Replacement Savings Silver Stainless Sterling Powered by WordPress and Created for Cuisinart Products | Waffle Iron Shapes http //cuisinartproducts.waffleironshapes.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com Web Toolbar by Wibiya')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01030', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Cuisinart Products Cuisinart DCC-CLEANER Krups BetterBrew Coffeemaker Cleaner This cleaning product is manufactured by at Lowest Prices Cuisinart GF-80 Cleanwater Countertop Replacement Filter, White For Savings Get research about Cuisinart GF-80 Cleanwater Countertop Replacement Filter, White today. Best order Cuisinart GF-80 Cleanwater Countertop Replacement Filter, White and get more great product on Cuisinart GF-80 Cleanwater Countertop Replacement Filter, White. Customer buying Choice Cuisinart GF-80 Cleanwater Countertop Replacement Filter, White. Quick! This promotion with limited time offer. Get Cuisinart GF-80 Cleanwater Countertop Replacement Filter, White Now!. read more Cuisinart GF-80 Cleanwater Countertop Replacement Filter, White description The replacement filter for the Cuisinart Clean Water Filtration System reduces contaminants in up to 40 gallons of tap water, which is what an average household uses in 3 to 4 months. That means fewer replacement filters, which will make Cuisinart a customer s first choice! HOT ITEM LIKE THIS TEND TO SELL OUT VERY QUICKLY Longer filter life-fewer replacement filter! Filters up to 40 gallons of tap water, an average households 3 to 43 months usage Reduces contaminants that can alter taste such as chlorine 9taste and odor , mercury, benzene, and cadmium You can buy Cuisinart GF-80 Cleanwater Countertop Replacement Filter, White from many big retailers offline or online Best Buy, Target, Walmart, Cnet, Cosco, OnSale, Buy.com etc. But which one is the best We have done work for you, we find the best place to Compare Prices Cuisinart GF-80 Cleanwater Countertop Replacement Filter, White is at HERE. This giant online retailers give the discount price which included safe and secure ordering for this Holiday Season|for this Holiday|for this Weekends|for this Weekend|for this Black Friday|for this Cyber Monday|for this Christmas Day|for this New Years Eve|for this Halloween|for this Father\\ s Day|for this Mother\\ s Day|for this Thanksgiving Day . Check Out This Product This at The CHEAPEST Prices!, Do not miss Cuisinart GF-80 Cleanwater Countertop Replacement Filter, White product. Decided to purchase hot bestsellers Cuisinart GF-80 Cleanwater Countertop Replacement Filter, White today before it is sold out. Limited time sale and limit the number of products to sell. Title 4 34 Relate keywords cuisinart products,where are cuisinart products manufactured,kitchen aid products,krups products,hamilton beach products,cuisinart cookware,coupons cuisinart,cuisinart coffee parts,cuisinart discounts,bed bath and beyond,kohls,macys,food processors,lowes,cuisinart parts,cuisinart customer service,cuisinart griddler,coupons cuisinart,cuisinart coffee parts,kitchen aid products,hamilton beach products,krups products,best products,braun products,william sonoma,where are cuisinart products manufactured,cuisinart cookware,cuisinart discounts,cuisinart Comments Tags Cleanwater , Countertop , Cuisinart , Cuisinart Replacement , Filter , Filter Countertop , Replacement , Savings Comments are closed. Recent Posts Cuisinart Ella Frost Stainless Baby Food Pusher HC, Sterling Silver to Lowest Prices Cuisinart Symmetry Stainless Macaroni Server With Stainless Blade HC, Sterling Silver on Huge Savings Hamilton Beach 48465 Brewstation Summit Ultra 12-Cup Programmable Coffeemaker to Compare Prices And Save Cuisinart GF-80 Cleanwater Countertop Replacement Filter, White For Sales Cuisinart FlavorBrew 12cup Coffeemaker to Enjoy Big Savings Hamilton Beach 25450 Gourmet Panini Press to Low Prices Cuisinart Coffee on Demand to Compare Prices And Save Cuisinart Ella Frost Stainless Napkin Clip Pierced Large HC, Sterling Silver on Sale Now Cuisinart DCC-CLEANER Krups BetterBrew Coffeemaker Cleaner This cleaning product is manufactured by at Lowest Prices Cuisinart GF-80 Cleanwater Countertop Replacement Filter, White For Savings Tags Coffeemaker Countertop Cuisinart Filter Prices Replacement Savings Silver Stainless Sterling Powered by WordPress and Created for Cuisinart Products | Waffle Iron Shapes http //cuisinartproducts.waffleironshapes.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com Web Toolbar by Wibiya')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01031', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Cuisinart Products Hamilton Beach 48465 Brewstation Summit Ultra 12-Cup Programmable Coffeemaker to Compare Prices And Save Cuisinart Ella Frost Stainless Baby Food Pusher HC, Sterling Silver to Lowest Prices Cuisinart Symmetry Stainless Macaroni Server With Stainless Blade HC, Sterling Silver on Huge Savings Get information about Cuisinart Symmetry Stainless Macaroni Server With Stainless Blade HC, Sterling Silver now. Best order Cuisinart Symmetry Stainless Macaroni Server With Stainless Blade HC, Sterling Silver and get more top bestsellers on Cuisinart Symmetry Stainless Macaroni Server With Stainless Blade HC, Sterling Silver. Customer buying Choice Cuisinart Symmetry Stainless Macaroni Server With Stainless Blade HC, Sterling Silver. Quick! This promotion with limited time offer. Get Cuisinart Symmetry Stainless Macaroni Server With Stainless Blade HC, Sterling Silver Now!. read more Cuisinart Symmetry Stainless Macaroni Server With Stainless Blade HC, Sterling Silver description Cuisinart Symmetry Stainless Macaroni Server With Stainless Blade HC Stainless,18/0,Glossy&Frosted,Lines&Band HOT ITEM LIKE THIS TEND TO SELL OUT VERY QUICKLY You can buy Cuisinart Symmetry Stainless Macaroni Server With Stainless Blade HC, Sterling Silver from many big retailers offline or online Best Buy, Target, Walmart, Cnet, Cosco, OnSale, Buy.com etc. But which one is the best We have done work for you, we find the best place to Save Big Cuisinart Symmetry Stainless Macaroni Server With Stainless Blade HC, Sterling Silver is at HERE. This giant online retailers give the special price which included fast service and satisfaction guarantee for this Holiday Season|for this Holiday|for this Weekends|for this Weekend|for this Black Friday|for this Cyber Monday|for this Christmas Day|for this New Years Eve|for this Halloween|for this Father\\ s Day|for this Mother\\ s Day|for this Thanksgiving Day . Check Out This Product This at REDUCED Prices!, Do not miss Cuisinart Symmetry Stainless Macaroni Server With Stainless Blade HC, Sterling Silver product. Decided to order hot bestsellers Cuisinart Symmetry Stainless Macaroni Server With Stainless Blade HC, Sterling Silver today before it is sold out. Limited time sale and limit the number of products to sell. Title 4 40 Relate keywords cuisinart products,where are cuisinart products manufactured,kitchen aid products,krups products,hamilton beach products,cuisinart cookware,coupons cuisinart,cuisinart coffee parts,cuisinart discounts,bed bath and beyond,kohls,macys,food processors,lowes,cuisinart parts,cuisinart customer service,cuisinart griddler,coupons cuisinart,cuisinart coffee parts,kitchen aid products,hamilton beach products,krups products,best products,braun products,william sonoma,where are cuisinart products manufactured,cuisinart cookware,cuisinart discounts,cuisinart Comments Tags Cuisinart , Macaroni , Macaroni Stainless , Savings , Server , Silver , Stainless , Sterling , Sterling Savings , Symmetry Comments are closed. Recent Posts Cuisinart Ella Frost Stainless Baby Food Pusher HC, Sterling Silver to Lowest Prices Cuisinart Symmetry Stainless Macaroni Server With Stainless Blade HC, Sterling Silver on Huge Savings Hamilton Beach 48465 Brewstation Summit Ultra 12-Cup Programmable Coffeemaker to Compare Prices And Save Cuisinart GF-80 Cleanwater Countertop Replacement Filter, White For Sales Cuisinart FlavorBrew 12cup Coffeemaker to Enjoy Big Savings Hamilton Beach 25450 Gourmet Panini Press to Low Prices Cuisinart Coffee on Demand to Compare Prices And Save Cuisinart Ella Frost Stainless Napkin Clip Pierced Large HC, Sterling Silver on Sale Now Cuisinart DCC-CLEANER Krups BetterBrew Coffeemaker Cleaner This cleaning product is manufactured by at Lowest Prices Cuisinart GF-80 Cleanwater Countertop Replacement Filter, White For Savings Tags Coffeemaker Countertop Cuisinart Filter Prices Replacement Savings Silver Stainless Sterling Powered by WordPress and Created for Cuisinart Products | Waffle Iron Shapes http //cuisinartproducts.waffleironshapes.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com Web Toolbar by Wibiya')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01032', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Cuisinart Products Cuisinart GF-80 Cleanwater Countertop Replacement Filter, White For Sales Cuisinart Symmetry Stainless Macaroni Server With Stainless Blade HC, Sterling Silver on Huge Savings Hamilton Beach 48465 Brewstation Summit Ultra 12-Cup Programmable Coffeemaker to Compare Prices And Save Get review about Hamilton Beach 48465 Brewstation Summit Ultra 12-Cup Programmable Coffeemaker now. Best buy Hamilton Beach 48465 Brewstation Summit Ultra 12-Cup Programmable Coffeemaker and get more affordable price on Hamilton Beach 48465 Brewstation Summit Ultra 12-Cup Programmable Coffeemaker. Customer buying Choice Hamilton Beach 48465 Brewstation Summit Ultra 12-Cup Programmable Coffeemaker. Quick! This promotion with limited time offer. Get Hamilton Beach 48465 Brewstation Summit Ultra 12-Cup Programmable Coffeemaker Now!. read more Hamilton Beach 48465 Brewstation Summit Ultra 12-Cup Programmable Coffeemaker description Hamilton Beach Brewstation Summit Ultra 12 cup Programmable Coffee Maker. One hand dispensing so your last cup tastes as fresh as the first cup. This coffee maker has several brewing options making it one of the most versitile on the market. Choose from bold, regular, iced coffee or small batch options. HOT ITEM LIKE THIS TEND TO SELL OUT VERY QUICKLY 12-cup programmable coffeemaker with insulated inner tank and no carafe Dispensing bar for one-handed serving; keep-warm mode; auto shut-off Bold, regular, iced-coffee, or small-batch brewing options; digital display Removable water tank; water-level indicator; dishwasher-safe parts Measures approximately 12 by 9 by 17 inches; 1-year limited warranty You can buy Hamilton Beach 48465 Brewstation Summit Ultra 12-Cup Programmable Coffeemaker from many big retailers offline or online Best Buy, Target, Walmart, Cnet, Cosco, OnSale, Buy.com etc. But which one is the best We have done work for you, we find the best place to Discount Hamilton Beach 48465 Brewstation Summit Ultra 12-Cup Programmable Coffeemaker is at HERE. This giant online retailers give the amazing price which included fast shipping in USA only for this Holiday Season|for this Holiday|for this Weekends|for this Weekend|for this Black Friday|for this Cyber Monday|for this Christmas Day|for this New Years Eve|for this Halloween|for this Father\\ s Day|for this Mother\\ s Day|for this Thanksgiving Day . Check Out This Product This at REDUCED Prices!, Do not miss Hamilton Beach 48465 Brewstation Summit Ultra 12-Cup Programmable Coffeemaker product. Decided to buy top bestsellers Hamilton Beach 48465 Brewstation Summit Ultra 12-Cup Programmable Coffeemaker today before it is sold out. Limited time sale and limit the number of products to sell. Title 4 24 Relate keywords cuisinart products,where are cuisinart products manufactured,kitchen aid products,krups products,hamilton beach products,cuisinart cookware,coupons cuisinart,cuisinart coffee parts,cuisinart discounts,bed bath and beyond,kohls,macys,food processors,lowes,cuisinart parts,cuisinart customer service,cuisinart griddler,coupons cuisinart,cuisinart coffee parts,kitchen aid products,hamilton beach products,krups products,best products,braun products,william sonoma,where are cuisinart products manufactured,cuisinart cookware,cuisinart discounts,cuisinart Comments Tags 12Cup , Brewstation , Brewstation Programmable , Coffeemaker , Compare , Hamilton , Prices , Programmable , Summit , Summit Hamilton Comments are closed. Recent Posts Cuisinart Ella Frost Stainless Baby Food Pusher HC, Sterling Silver to Lowest Prices Cuisinart Symmetry Stainless Macaroni Server With Stainless Blade HC, Sterling Silver on Huge Savings Hamilton Beach 48465 Brewstation Summit Ultra 12-Cup Programmable Coffeemaker to Compare Prices And Save Cuisinart GF-80 Cleanwater Countertop Replacement Filter, White For Sales Cuisinart FlavorBrew 12cup Coffeemaker to Enjoy Big Savings Hamilton Beach 25450 Gourmet Panini Press to Low Prices Cuisinart Coffee on Demand to Compare Prices And Save Cuisinart Ella Frost Stainless Napkin Clip Pierced Large HC, Sterling Silver on Sale Now Cuisinart DCC-CLEANER Krups BetterBrew Coffeemaker Cleaner This cleaning product is manufactured by at Lowest Prices Cuisinart GF-80 Cleanwater Countertop Replacement Filter, White For Savings Tags Coffeemaker Countertop Cuisinart Filter Prices Replacement Savings Silver Stainless Sterling Powered by WordPress and Created for Cuisinart Products | Waffle Iron Shapes http //cuisinartproducts.waffleironshapes.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com Web Toolbar by Wibiya')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01034', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Designer Furniture Warehouse Decorate Your Home with Designer Hand Woven Cotton Yoga Mat Carpet Rug Size 35 X 24 Inches to Big Deals If you are seeking for Decorate Your Home with Designer Hand Woven Cotton Yoga Mat Carpet Rug Size 35 X 24 Inches in save price and hot bestsellers. Review and compare price before get the best order Decorate Your Home with Designer Hand Woven Cotton Yoga Mat Carpet Rug Size 35 X 24 Inches. Congratulations To You!! Because this Decorate Your Home with Designer Hand Woven Cotton Yoga Mat Carpet Rug Size 35 X 24 Inches is on sale in the store with super low price and good Quality 100% Guaranteed. This store help you to save money because this is Shopping Online Store. Qualified Orders with fast shipping this Decorate Your Home with Designer Hand Woven Cotton Yoga Mat Carpet Rug Size 35 X 24 Inches products. CHEER!!! read more Read the rest of this entry Tags Carpet , Cotton , Decorate , Decorate Designer , Designer , Inches Fontaine Tuscany Glass Vessel Bathroom Sink FSA-VS-PLS03 For Save Huge If you are looking for Fontaine Tuscany Glass Vessel Bathroom Sink FSA-VS-PLS03 in save price and top products. Review and compare price before get the best purchase Fontaine Tuscany Glass Vessel Bathroom Sink FSA-VS-PLS03. Congratulations To You!! Because this Fontaine Tuscany Glass Vessel Bathroom Sink FSA-VS-PLS03 is on sale in the store with affordable price and good Quality 100% Guaranteed. This store help you to save money because this is Shopping Online Store. Qualified Orders with fast shipping this Fontaine Tuscany Glass Vessel Bathroom Sink FSA-VS-PLS03 products. CHEER!!! read more Read the rest of this entry Tags Bathroom , Fontaine , Fontaine Vessel , FSAVSPLS03 , Tuscany , Vessel , Vessel FSAVSPLS03 Household Essentials 06910 Ten Pocket Hanging Cosmetics/Grooming Bag, Black to Enjoy Savings And Selection If you are finding for Household Essentials 06910 Ten Pocket Hanging Cosmetics/Grooming Bag, Black in save price and hot products. Review and compare price before get the best purchase Household Essentials 06910 Ten Pocket Hanging Cosmetics/Grooming Bag, Black. Congratulations To You!! Because this Household Essentials 06910 Ten Pocket Hanging Cosmetics/Grooming Bag, Black is on sale in the store with discount price and good Quality 100% Guaranteed. This store help you to save money because this is Shopping Online Store. Qualified Orders with fast shipping this Household Essentials 06910 Ten Pocket Hanging Cosmetics/Grooming Bag, Black products. CHEER!!! read more Read the rest of this entry Tags CosmeticsGrooming , Essentials , Essentials CosmeticsGrooming , Hanging , Hanging Savings , Household , Pocket , Savings , Selection Brand New Hello Kitty Black BIG Tote Leather-like Bag Purse Handbag on Discount If you are finding for Brand New Hello Kitty Black BIG Tote Leather-like Bag Purse Handbag in save price and reccommend products. Review and compare price before get the best purchase Brand New Hello Kitty Black BIG Tote Leather-like Bag Purse Handbag. Congratulations To You!! Because this Brand New Hello Kitty Black BIG Tote Leather-like Bag Purse Handbag is on sale in the store with cheap price and good Quality 100% Guaranteed. This store help you to save money because this is Shopping Online Store. Qualified Orders with fast shipping this Brand New Hello Kitty Black BIG Tote Leather-like Bag Purse Handbag products. CHEER!!! read more Read the rest of this entry Tags Discount , Discount Handbag , Handbag , Leatherlike , Leatherlike Handbag Solid Grommet Top Thermal Insulated Blackout Curtain 84 Length 1 Pair-BEIGE GT at Low Prices If you are seeking for Solid Grommet Top Thermal Insulated Blackout Curtain 84 Length 1 Pair-BEIGE GT in save price and new products. Review and compare price before get the best order Solid Grommet Top Thermal Insulated Blackout Curtain 84 Length 1 Pair-BEIGE GT. Congratulations To You!! Because this Solid Grommet Top Thermal Insulated Blackout Curtain 84 Length 1 Pair-BEIGE GT is on sale in the store with lowest price and good Quality 100% Guaranteed. This store help you to save money because this is Shopping Online Store. Qualified Orders with fast shipping this Solid Grommet Top Thermal Insulated Blackout Curtain 84 Length 1 Pair-BEIGE GT products. CHEER!!! read more Read the rest of this entry Tags Blackout , Blackout Insulated , Curtain , Grommet , Insulated , Insulated Prices , Length , PairBEIGE , prices , Thermal Bai Designer Wall Clock, Logic at cheapest prices If you are finding for Bai Designer Wall Clock, Logic in save price and top products. Review and compare price before get the best purchase Bai Designer Wall Clock, Logic. Congratulations To You!! Because this Bai Designer Wall Clock, Logic is on sale in the store with special price and good Quality 100% Guaranteed. This store help you to save money because this is Shopping Online Store. Qualified Orders with fast shipping this Bai Designer Wall Clock, Logic products. CHEER!!! read more Read the rest of this entry Tags cheapest , cheapest Designer , cheapest prices , Clock , Designer , prices Recent Posts Decorate Your Home with Designer Hand Woven Cotton Yoga Mat Carpet Rug Size 35 X 24 Inches to Big Deals Fontaine Tuscany Glass Vessel Bathroom Sink FSA-VS-PLS03 For Save Huge Household Essentials 06910 Ten Pocket Hanging Cosmetics/Grooming Bag, Black to Enjoy Savings And Selection Brand New Hello Kitty Black BIG Tote Leather-like Bag Purse Handbag on Discount Solid Grommet Top Thermal Insulated Blackout Curtain 84 Length 1 Pair-BEIGE GT at Low Prices Bai Designer Wall Clock, Logic at cheapest prices Tags Bathroom Blackout Blackout Insulated Carpet cheapest cheapest Designer cheapest prices Clock CosmeticsGrooming Cotton Curtain Decorate Decorate Designer Designer Discount Discount Handbag Essentials Essentials CosmeticsGrooming Fontaine Fontaine Vessel FSAVSPLS03 Grommet Handbag Hanging Hanging Savings Household Inches Insulated Insulated Prices Leatherlike Leatherlike Handbag Length PairBEIGE Pocket prices Savings Selection Thermal Tuscany Vessel Vessel FSAVSPLS03 Powered by WordPress and Created for Designer Furniture Warehouse | Deck Furniture Sale http //designerfurniturewarehouse.deckfurnituresale.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com Web Toolbar by Wibiya')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01035', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Designer Furniture Warehouse Solid Grommet Top Thermal Insulated Blackout Curtain 84 Length 1 Pair-BEIGE GT at Low Prices Bai Designer Wall Clock, Logic at cheapest prices If you are finding for Bai Designer Wall Clock, Logic in save price and top products. Review and compare price before get the best purchase Bai Designer Wall Clock, Logic. Congratulations To You!! Because this Bai Designer Wall Clock, Logic is on sale in the store with special price and good Quality 100% Guaranteed. This store help you to save money because this is Shopping Online Store. Qualified Orders with fast shipping this Bai Designer Wall Clock, Logic products. CHEER!!! read more Bai Designer Wall Clock, Logic description Bai 10 Logic designer wall clock features a deceptively simple dial design with 12 simple white numbers screened on a matte black dial, with a contrasting bright orange second hand. Matching gunmetal clock bezel and metallic silver metal hands. Click Here Check Price Now! Before Time Expires and Sold Out Black dial with White metal hands Glass lens Gift-boxed 1 Year Manufacturer s Warranty I have tried to find information for Bai Designer Wall Clock, Logic on the Internet. There are a lot cheapest as well. You can order a Bai Designer Wall Clock, Logic in the best best price of the web site, Shopping Online, you will not hesitate a moment. HOT ITEM LIKE THIS TEND TO SELL OUT VERY QUICKLY Title 4 16 Relate keywords designer furniture warehouse,designer furniture outlet,designer living room furniture,designer bedroom furniture,designer furniture warehouse reviews,designer wholesale furniture,designer office furniture,designer furniture stores,ashley furniture,designer furniture warehouse everett,designer furniture warehouse irvine,designer furniture warehouse ohio,designer furniture warehouse columbus ohio,designer furniture warehouse pittsburgh,value city furniture,ashley furniture,discount furniture,mor furniture,thomasville furniture,american freight,cls direct,ikea,pottery barn,roomful express,designer furniture for less,designer furniture catalog,designer furniture sale,designer living room furniture,designer bedroom furniture Comments Tags cheapest , cheapest Designer , cheapest prices , Clock , Designer , prices Comments are closed. Recent Posts Decorate Your Home with Designer Hand Woven Cotton Yoga Mat Carpet Rug Size 35 X 24 Inches to Big Deals Fontaine Tuscany Glass Vessel Bathroom Sink FSA-VS-PLS03 For Save Huge Household Essentials 06910 Ten Pocket Hanging Cosmetics/Grooming Bag, Black to Enjoy Savings And Selection Brand New Hello Kitty Black BIG Tote Leather-like Bag Purse Handbag on Discount Solid Grommet Top Thermal Insulated Blackout Curtain 84 Length 1 Pair-BEIGE GT at Low Prices Bai Designer Wall Clock, Logic at cheapest prices Tags Bathroom Blackout Blackout Insulated Carpet cheapest cheapest Designer cheapest prices Clock CosmeticsGrooming Cotton Curtain Decorate Decorate Designer Designer Discount Discount Handbag Essentials Essentials CosmeticsGrooming Fontaine Fontaine Vessel FSAVSPLS03 Grommet Handbag Hanging Hanging Savings Household Inches Insulated Insulated Prices Leatherlike Leatherlike Handbag Length PairBEIGE Pocket prices Savings Selection Thermal Tuscany Vessel Vessel FSAVSPLS03 Powered by WordPress and Created for Designer Furniture Warehouse | Deck Furniture Sale http //designerfurniturewarehouse.deckfurnituresale.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com Web Toolbar by Wibiya')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01036', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Designer Furniture Warehouse Fontaine Tuscany Glass Vessel Bathroom Sink FSA-VS-PLS03 For Save Huge Decorate Your Home with Designer Hand Woven Cotton Yoga Mat Carpet Rug Size 35 X 24 Inches to Big Deals If you are seeking for Decorate Your Home with Designer Hand Woven Cotton Yoga Mat Carpet Rug Size 35 X 24 Inches in save price and hot bestsellers. Review and compare price before get the best order Decorate Your Home with Designer Hand Woven Cotton Yoga Mat Carpet Rug Size 35 X 24 Inches. Congratulations To You!! Because this Decorate Your Home with Designer Hand Woven Cotton Yoga Mat Carpet Rug Size 35 X 24 Inches is on sale in the store with super low price and good Quality 100% Guaranteed. This store help you to save money because this is Shopping Online Store. Qualified Orders with fast shipping this Decorate Your Home with Designer Hand Woven Cotton Yoga Mat Carpet Rug Size 35 X 24 Inches products. CHEER!!! read more Decorate Your Home with Designer Hand Woven Cotton Yoga Mat Carpet Rug Size 35 X 24 Inches description Hand woven dhurrie rug in beautiful geometrical pattern. Can be used for decorating floors or for family sitting outdoors. Indian Hand Woven cotton carpet or rug is an art of Indian domestic business which are running in houses & family members are there workers. Click Here Check Price Now! Before Time Expires and Sold Out Very New Modern Designer Rug for Your House and Living Room. Made in India by Traditional Methods for Home Decorating. Fabric Cotton; Size 35 X 24 Inches Washing Instruction Hand wash or Machine wash I have tried to find information for Decorate Your Home with Designer Hand Woven Cotton Yoga Mat Carpet Rug Size 35 X 24 Inches on the Internet. There are a lot amazing price as well. You can buy a Decorate Your Home with Designer Hand Woven Cotton Yoga Mat Carpet Rug Size 35 X 24 Inches in the best low price of the web site, Shopping Online, you will not hesitate a moment. HOT ITEM LIKE THIS TEND TO SELL OUT VERY QUICKLY Title 4 25 Relate keywords designer furniture warehouse,designer furniture outlet,designer living room furniture,designer bedroom furniture,designer furniture warehouse reviews,designer wholesale furniture,designer office furniture,designer furniture stores,ashley furniture,designer furniture warehouse everett,designer furniture warehouse irvine,designer furniture warehouse ohio,designer furniture warehouse columbus ohio,designer furniture warehouse pittsburgh,value city furniture,ashley furniture,discount furniture,mor furniture,thomasville furniture,american freight,cls direct,ikea,pottery barn,roomful express,designer furniture for less,designer furniture catalog,designer furniture sale,designer living room furniture,designer bedroom furniture Comments Tags Carpet , Cotton , Decorate , Decorate Designer , Designer , Inches Comments are closed. Recent Posts Decorate Your Home with Designer Hand Woven Cotton Yoga Mat Carpet Rug Size 35 X 24 Inches to Big Deals Fontaine Tuscany Glass Vessel Bathroom Sink FSA-VS-PLS03 For Save Huge Household Essentials 06910 Ten Pocket Hanging Cosmetics/Grooming Bag, Black to Enjoy Savings And Selection Brand New Hello Kitty Black BIG Tote Leather-like Bag Purse Handbag on Discount Solid Grommet Top Thermal Insulated Blackout Curtain 84 Length 1 Pair-BEIGE GT at Low Prices Bai Designer Wall Clock, Logic at cheapest prices Tags Bathroom Blackout Blackout Insulated Carpet cheapest cheapest Designer cheapest prices Clock CosmeticsGrooming Cotton Curtain Decorate Decorate Designer Designer Discount Discount Handbag Essentials Essentials CosmeticsGrooming Fontaine Fontaine Vessel FSAVSPLS03 Grommet Handbag Hanging Hanging Savings Household Inches Insulated Insulated Prices Leatherlike Leatherlike Handbag Length PairBEIGE Pocket prices Savings Selection Thermal Tuscany Vessel Vessel FSAVSPLS03 Powered by WordPress and Created for Designer Furniture Warehouse | Deck Furniture Sale http //designerfurniturewarehouse.deckfurnituresale.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com Web Toolbar by Wibiya')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01037', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Designer Furniture Warehouse Household Essentials 06910 Ten Pocket Hanging Cosmetics/Grooming Bag, Black to Enjoy Savings And Selection Fontaine Tuscany Glass Vessel Bathroom Sink FSA-VS-PLS03 For Save Huge If you are looking for Fontaine Tuscany Glass Vessel Bathroom Sink FSA-VS-PLS03 in save price and top products. Review and compare price before get the best purchase Fontaine Tuscany Glass Vessel Bathroom Sink FSA-VS-PLS03. Congratulations To You!! Because this Fontaine Tuscany Glass Vessel Bathroom Sink FSA-VS-PLS03 is on sale in the store with affordable price and good Quality 100% Guaranteed. This store help you to save money because this is Shopping Online Store. Qualified Orders with fast shipping this Fontaine Tuscany Glass Vessel Bathroom Sink FSA-VS-PLS03 products. CHEER!!! read more Fontaine Tuscany Glass Vessel Bathroom Sink FSA-VS-PLS03 description Fontaine Tuscany Glass Vessel Bathroom Sink FSA-VS-PLS03 MSRP 5.00 European in design, glass vessel sinks have become a signature look for highly upgraded bathrooms and lavatories. For safety and durability, Fontaine glass vessel sinks are manufactured from double layered tempered glass, and come in a variety of tints, finishes, and designer print patterns. Lavish high-end design is easily affordable when choosing a Fontaine glass vessel sink. From the Fontaine Glass Sink Collection, this round vessel sink features a hand-painted exteror to create the Tuscany pattern. Specifications Clear tempered glass Hand-painted exterior with Tuscany pattern 16.5 in. Diameter 6.0 in. Height .5 in. Wall Thickness Drain assembly not included. Minor variations in size and shape are to be expected due to production process. Dimensions provided are nominal and to be used for reference only. Do not rely upon dimensions provided to make any cuts. We recommend you receive the sink before cutting any surfaces. This sink is designed for flush mounting on flat surfaces. We are not responsible for custom installation issues. Deviations from recommended installations may void your warranty. Local building codes vary from state to state and even county to county. Click Here Check Price Now! Before Time Expires and Sold Out Hand-painted Tuscany Pattern 16.5 in. Diameter x 6.0 in. Height .5 in. Thick Double Layered Tempered Glass I have tried to find information for Fontaine Tuscany Glass Vessel Bathroom Sink FSA-VS-PLS03 on the Internet. There are a lot great price as well. You can order a Fontaine Tuscany Glass Vessel Bathroom Sink FSA-VS-PLS03 in the best best price of the web site, Shopping Online, you will not hesitate a moment. HOT ITEM LIKE THIS TEND TO SELL OUT VERY QUICKLY Title 4 32 Relate keywords designer furniture warehouse,designer furniture outlet,designer living room furniture,designer bedroom furniture,designer furniture warehouse reviews,designer wholesale furniture,designer office furniture,designer furniture stores,ashley furniture,designer furniture warehouse everett,designer furniture warehouse irvine,designer furniture warehouse ohio,designer furniture warehouse columbus ohio,designer furniture warehouse pittsburgh,value city furniture,ashley furniture,discount furniture,mor furniture,thomasville furniture,american freight,cls direct,ikea,pottery barn,roomful express,designer furniture for less,designer furniture catalog,designer furniture sale,designer living room furniture,designer bedroom furniture Comments Tags Bathroom , Fontaine , Fontaine Vessel , FSAVSPLS03 , Tuscany , Vessel , Vessel FSAVSPLS03 Comments are closed. Recent Posts Fontaine Tuscany Glass Vessel Bathroom Sink FSA-VS-PLS03 For Save Huge Household Essentials 06910 Ten Pocket Hanging Cosmetics/Grooming Bag, Black to Enjoy Savings And Selection Brand New Hello Kitty Black BIG Tote Leather-like Bag Purse Handbag on Discount Solid Grommet Top Thermal Insulated Blackout Curtain 84 Length 1 Pair-BEIGE GT at Low Prices Bai Designer Wall Clock, Logic at cheapest prices Tags Bathroom Blackout Blackout Insulated cheapest cheapest Designer cheapest prices Clock CosmeticsGrooming Curtain Designer Discount Discount Handbag Essentials Essentials CosmeticsGrooming Fontaine Fontaine Vessel FSAVSPLS03 Grommet Handbag Hanging Hanging Savings Household Insulated Insulated Prices Leatherlike Leatherlike Handbag Length PairBEIGE Pocket prices Savings Selection Thermal Tuscany Vessel Vessel FSAVSPLS03 Powered by WordPress and Created for Designer Furniture Warehouse | Deck Furniture Sale http //designerfurniturewarehouse.deckfurnituresale.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com Web Toolbar by Wibiya')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01038', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Designer Furniture Warehouse Brand New Hello Kitty Black BIG Tote Leather-like Bag Purse Handbag on Discount Fontaine Tuscany Glass Vessel Bathroom Sink FSA-VS-PLS03 For Save Huge Household Essentials 06910 Ten Pocket Hanging Cosmetics/Grooming Bag, Black to Enjoy Savings And Selection If you are finding for Household Essentials 06910 Ten Pocket Hanging Cosmetics/Grooming Bag, Black in save price and hot products. Review and compare price before get the best purchase Household Essentials 06910 Ten Pocket Hanging Cosmetics/Grooming Bag, Black. Congratulations To You!! Because this Household Essentials 06910 Ten Pocket Hanging Cosmetics/Grooming Bag, Black is on sale in the store with discount price and good Quality 100% Guaranteed. This store help you to save money because this is Shopping Online Store. Qualified Orders with fast shipping this Household Essentials 06910 Ten Pocket Hanging Cosmetics/Grooming Bag, Black products. CHEER!!! read more Household Essentials 06910 Ten Pocket Hanging Cosmetics/Grooming Bag, Black description Make traveling a little less chaotic with this travel companion. Ten see-through compartments let you store all of your toiletry needs in one location without having to rifle through dark side pockets or cavernous single pocket totes. With small, medium, large and long pockets, everything is easy to find! Hang it in a garment bag or towel bar or fold it flat to stow easily in your suitcase. With a secure closure and easy-to-clean lining and pockets, you are always ready to go and to look your best. So keep it together and get going! Click Here Check Price Now! Before Time Expires and Sold Out Ten see-thru compartments. Hanging organizer can fold flat. Secure hook and loop closure. Easy to clean waterproof vinyl lining and pockets. PVC microfiber. I have tried to find information for Household Essentials 06910 Ten Pocket Hanging Cosmetics/Grooming Bag, Black on the Internet. There are a lot discount price as well. You can purchase a Household Essentials 06910 Ten Pocket Hanging Cosmetics/Grooming Bag, Black in the best affordable price of the web site, Shopping Online, you will not hesitate a moment. HOT ITEM LIKE THIS TEND TO SELL OUT VERY QUICKLY Title 4 39 Relate keywords designer furniture warehouse,designer furniture outlet,designer living room furniture,designer bedroom furniture,designer furniture warehouse reviews,designer wholesale furniture,designer office furniture,designer furniture stores,ashley furniture,designer furniture warehouse everett,designer furniture warehouse irvine,designer furniture warehouse ohio,designer furniture warehouse columbus ohio,designer furniture warehouse pittsburgh,value city furniture,ashley furniture,discount furniture,mor furniture,thomasville furniture,american freight,cls direct,ikea,pottery barn,roomful express,designer furniture for less,designer furniture catalog,designer furniture sale,designer living room furniture,designer bedroom furniture Comments Tags CosmeticsGrooming , Essentials , Essentials CosmeticsGrooming , Hanging , Hanging Savings , Household , Pocket , Savings , Selection Comments are closed. Recent Posts Decorate Your Home with Designer Hand Woven Cotton Yoga Mat Carpet Rug Size 35 X 24 Inches to Big Deals Fontaine Tuscany Glass Vessel Bathroom Sink FSA-VS-PLS03 For Save Huge Household Essentials 06910 Ten Pocket Hanging Cosmetics/Grooming Bag, Black to Enjoy Savings And Selection Brand New Hello Kitty Black BIG Tote Leather-like Bag Purse Handbag on Discount Solid Grommet Top Thermal Insulated Blackout Curtain 84 Length 1 Pair-BEIGE GT at Low Prices Bai Designer Wall Clock, Logic at cheapest prices Tags Bathroom Blackout Blackout Insulated Carpet cheapest cheapest Designer cheapest prices Clock CosmeticsGrooming Cotton Curtain Decorate Decorate Designer Designer Discount Discount Handbag Essentials Essentials CosmeticsGrooming Fontaine Fontaine Vessel FSAVSPLS03 Grommet Handbag Hanging Hanging Savings Household Inches Insulated Insulated Prices Leatherlike Leatherlike Handbag Length PairBEIGE Pocket prices Savings Selection Thermal Tuscany Vessel Vessel FSAVSPLS03 Powered by WordPress and Created for Designer Furniture Warehouse | Deck Furniture Sale http //designerfurniturewarehouse.deckfurnituresale.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com Web Toolbar by Wibiya')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01039', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Designer Furniture Warehouse Bai Designer Wall Clock, Logic at cheapest prices Brand New Hello Kitty Black BIG Tote Leather-like Bag Purse Handbag on Discount Solid Grommet Top Thermal Insulated Blackout Curtain 84 Length 1 Pair-BEIGE GT at Low Prices If you are seeking for Solid Grommet Top Thermal Insulated Blackout Curtain 84 Length 1 Pair-BEIGE GT in save price and new products. Review and compare price before get the best order Solid Grommet Top Thermal Insulated Blackout Curtain 84 Length 1 Pair-BEIGE GT. Congratulations To You!! Because this Solid Grommet Top Thermal Insulated Blackout Curtain 84 Length 1 Pair-BEIGE GT is on sale in the store with lowest price and good Quality 100% Guaranteed. This store help you to save money because this is Shopping Online Store. Qualified Orders with fast shipping this Solid Grommet Top Thermal Insulated Blackout Curtain 84 Length 1 Pair-BEIGE GT products. CHEER!!! read more Solid Grommet Top Thermal Insulated Blackout Curtain 84 Length 1 Pair-BEIGE GT description Bring warmth and style to your home with high-quality insulated Blackout window curtain pair. The grommet top adds a modern touch and provides energy efficient comfort. It features innovative fabric construction. Compare to the other curtains, our product is extremely SOFT and DRAPERY. The sophisticated designs allow you to decorate your windows with great styles. NEVER compare our Blackout Curtains with those cheap ones that are stiff and looks like a shower curtain. Blackout is perfect for Late sleepers Shift workers Seniors Infants & parents Students Computer operators Care instruction -Machine wash warm with like colors. -Use only non-chlorine bleach when needed. -Tumble dry low. -Warm iron as needed Click Here Check Price Now! Before Time Expires and Sold Out Can be hung from a standard or decorative curtain rod. Independent laboratory test also shows curtain blocks out 99.9% of light and 100% of UV ray. Also insulate against heat and cold, saving you money & energy. Curtains feature innovative fabric construction and Machine washable for easy care. Set 104 W x 84 L / Panel 52 W x 84 L ; 8 Grommet per panel; 1.6 Diameter of Grommet, Included Grommet Rim 2.7 Free Gift! Matching tie back included .99 Value I have tried to find information for Solid Grommet Top Thermal Insulated Blackout Curtain 84 Length 1 Pair-BEIGE GT on the Internet. There are a lot cheaper as well. You can purchase a Solid Grommet Top Thermal Insulated Blackout Curtain 84 Length 1 Pair-BEIGE GT in the best discount price of the web site, Shopping Online, you will not hesitate a moment. HOT ITEM LIKE THIS TEND TO SELL OUT VERY QUICKLY Title 4 33 Relate keywords designer furniture warehouse,designer furniture outlet,designer living room furniture,designer bedroom furniture,designer furniture warehouse reviews,designer wholesale furniture,designer office furniture,designer furniture stores,ashley furniture,designer furniture warehouse everett,designer furniture warehouse irvine,designer furniture warehouse ohio,designer furniture warehouse columbus ohio,designer furniture warehouse pittsburgh,value city furniture,ashley furniture,discount furniture,mor furniture,thomasville furniture,american freight,cls direct,ikea,pottery barn,roomful express,designer furniture for less,designer furniture catalog,designer furniture sale,designer living room furniture,designer bedroom furniture Comments Tags Blackout , Blackout Insulated , Curtain , Grommet , Insulated , Insulated Prices , Length , PairBEIGE , prices , Thermal Comments are closed. Recent Posts Decorate Your Home with Designer Hand Woven Cotton Yoga Mat Carpet Rug Size 35 X 24 Inches to Big Deals Fontaine Tuscany Glass Vessel Bathroom Sink FSA-VS-PLS03 For Save Huge Household Essentials 06910 Ten Pocket Hanging Cosmetics/Grooming Bag, Black to Enjoy Savings And Selection Brand New Hello Kitty Black BIG Tote Leather-like Bag Purse Handbag on Discount Solid Grommet Top Thermal Insulated Blackout Curtain 84 Length 1 Pair-BEIGE GT at Low Prices Bai Designer Wall Clock, Logic at cheapest prices Tags Bathroom Blackout Blackout Insulated Carpet cheapest cheapest Designer cheapest prices Clock CosmeticsGrooming Cotton Curtain Decorate Decorate Designer Designer Discount Discount Handbag Essentials Essentials CosmeticsGrooming Fontaine Fontaine Vessel FSAVSPLS03 Grommet Handbag Hanging Hanging Savings Household Inches Insulated Insulated Prices Leatherlike Leatherlike Handbag Length PairBEIGE Pocket prices Savings Selection Thermal Tuscany Vessel Vessel FSAVSPLS03 Powered by WordPress and Created for Designer Furniture Warehouse | Deck Furniture Sale http //designerfurniturewarehouse.deckfurnituresale.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com Web Toolbar by Wibiya')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01041', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Drop In Gas Grills Cal Flame BBQ08852P Standard Single Flat Side Burner to Enjoy Savings If you are finding for Cal Flame BBQ08852P Standard Single Flat Side Burner in save price and hot products. Review and compare price before get the best buy Cal Flame BBQ08852P Standard Single Flat Side Burner. Congratulations To You!! Because this Cal Flame BBQ08852P Standard Single Flat Side Burner is on sale in the store with cool saving price and good Quality 100% Guaranteed. This store help you to save money because this is Shopping Online Store. Qualified Orders with fast shipping this Cal Flame BBQ08852P Standard Single Flat Side Burner products. CHEER!!! read more Read the rest of this entry Tags BBQ08852P , Burner , Burner Savings , Savings , Single , Standard , Standard Savings Broil King 934664 Monarch 40 40,000-BTU Liquid-Propane Gas Grill with Side Burner at Amazing Prices If you are seeking for Broil King 934664 Monarch 40 40,000-BTU Liquid-Propane Gas Grill with Side Burner in save price and reccommend products. Review and compare price before get the best buy Broil King 934664 Monarch 40 40,000-BTU Liquid-Propane Gas Grill with Side Burner. Congratulations To You!! Because this Broil King 934664 Monarch 40 40,000-BTU Liquid-Propane Gas Grill with Side Burner is on sale in the store with great price and good Quality 100% Guaranteed. This store help you to save money because this is Shopping Online Store. Qualified Orders with fast shipping this Broil King 934664 Monarch 40 40,000-BTU Liquid-Propane Gas Grill with Side Burner products. CHEER!!! read more Read the rest of this entry Tags 40000BTU , 934664 , Amazing , Burner , LiquidPropane , LiquidPropane 40000BTU , LiquidPropane Amazing , Monarch , Prices DCS BGB36-BQAR-N 36-Inch Natural Gas Traditional Grill, Brushed Stainless Steel at Unbelievable Prices If you are searching for DCS BGB36-BQAR-N 36-Inch Natural Gas Traditional Grill, Brushed Stainless Steel in save price and hot products. Review and compare price before get the best buy DCS BGB36-BQAR-N 36-Inch Natural Gas Traditional Grill, Brushed Stainless Steel. Congratulations To You!! Because this DCS BGB36-BQAR-N 36-Inch Natural Gas Traditional Grill, Brushed Stainless Steel is on sale in the store with best price and good Quality 100% Guaranteed. This store help you to save money because this is Shopping Online Store. Qualified Orders with fast shipping this DCS BGB36-BQAR-N 36-Inch Natural Gas Traditional Grill, Brushed Stainless Steel products. CHEER!!! read more Read the rest of this entry Tags 36Inch , BGB36BQARN , BGB36BQARN Stainless , Brushed , Grill , Natural , Prices , Stainless , Traditional , Unbelievable , Unbelievable BGB36BQARN American Outdoor Grill 24 Inch Built-in Propane Gas Grill to Enjoy Savings And Selection If you are seeking for American Outdoor Grill 24 Inch Built-in Propane Gas Grill in save price and reccommend promotions. Review and compare price before get the best order American Outdoor Grill 24 Inch Built-in Propane Gas Grill. Congratulations To You!! Because this American Outdoor Grill 24 Inch Built-in Propane Gas Grill is on sale in the store with super low price and good Quality 100% Guaranteed. This store help you to save money because this is Shopping Online Store. Qualified Orders with fast shipping this American Outdoor Grill 24 Inch Built-in Propane Gas Grill products. CHEER!!! read more Read the rest of this entry Tags American , BuiltIn , Outdoor , Outdoor American , Outdoor Builtin , Propane , Savings , Selection Weber 6511001 Genesis E-310 Liquid Propane Gas Grill, Black For Great Deals If you are finding for Weber 6511001 Genesis E-310 Liquid Propane Gas Grill, Black in save price and hot products. Review and compare price before get the best purchase Weber 6511001 Genesis E-310 Liquid Propane Gas Grill, Black. Congratulations To You!! Because this Weber 6511001 Genesis E-310 Liquid Propane Gas Grill, Black is on sale in the store with bargain price and good Quality 100% Guaranteed. This store help you to save money because this is Shopping Online Store. Qualified Orders with fast shipping this Weber 6511001 Genesis E-310 Liquid Propane Gas Grill, Black products. CHEER!!! read more Read the rest of this entry Tags 6511001 , 6511001 Grill , Genesis , Grill , Liquid , Propane , Propane Liquid Fire Magic Natural Gas Countertop Single Side Burner 3280 to Big Deals If you are searching for Fire Magic Natural Gas Countertop Single Side Burner 3280 in save price and hot products. Review and compare price before get the best order Fire Magic Natural Gas Countertop Single Side Burner 3280. Congratulations To You!! Because this Fire Magic Natural Gas Countertop Single Side Burner 3280 is on sale in the store with crazy price and good Quality 100% Guaranteed. This store help you to save money because this is Shopping Online Store. Qualified Orders with fast shipping this Fire Magic Natural Gas Countertop Single Side Burner 3280 products. CHEER!!! read more Read the rest of this entry Tags Burner , Countertop , Countertop Single , Natural , Natural Countertop , Single Weber 6415 Small 8-1/2-Inch-by-6-inch Aluminum Drip Pans, Set of 10 to Lowest Prices If you are looking for Weber 6415 Small 8-1/2-Inch-by-6-inch Aluminum Drip Pans, Set of 10 in save price and top products. Review and compare price before get the best order Weber 6415 Small 8-1/2-Inch-by-6-inch Aluminum Drip Pans, Set of 10. Congratulations To You!! Because this Weber 6415 Small 8-1/2-Inch-by-6-inch Aluminum Drip Pans, Set of 10 is on sale in the store with affordable price and good Quality 100% Guaranteed. This store help you to save money because this is Shopping Online Store. Qualified Orders with fast shipping this Weber 6415 Small 8-1/2-Inch-by-6-inch Aluminum Drip Pans, Set of 10 products. CHEER!!! read more Read the rest of this entry Tags Aluminum , Aluminum Prices , Lowest , Prices , Prices Lowest Napoleon BIM485RB Mirage 485 Built-In Natural Gas Grill with Rear Burner Deals on Selection If you are searching for Napoleon BIM485RB Mirage 485 Built-In Natural Gas Grill with Rear Burner in save price and hot promotions. Review and compare price before get the best buy Napoleon BIM485RB Mirage 485 Built-In Natural Gas Grill with Rear Burner. Congratulations To You!! Because this Napoleon BIM485RB Mirage 485 Built-In Natural Gas Grill with Rear Burner is on sale in the store with lowest price and good Quality 100% Guaranteed. This store help you to save money because this is Shopping Online Store. Qualified Orders with fast shipping this Napoleon BIM485RB Mirage 485 Built-In Natural Gas Grill with Rear Burner products. CHEER!!! read more Read the rest of this entry Tags BIM485RB , BuiltIn , Burner , Mirage , Napoleon , Napoleon Mirage , Natural , Natural BuiltIn , Selection Recent Posts Cal Flame BBQ08852P Standard Single Flat Side Burner to Enjoy Savings Broil King 934664 Monarch 40 40,000-BTU Liquid-Propane Gas Grill with Side Burner at Amazing Prices DCS BGB36-BQAR-N 36-Inch Natural Gas Traditional Grill, Brushed Stainless Steel at Unbelievable Prices American Outdoor Grill 24 Inch Built-in Propane Gas Grill to Enjoy Savings And Selection Weber 6511001 Genesis E-310 Liquid Propane Gas Grill, Black For Great Deals Fire Magic Natural Gas Countertop Single Side Burner 3280 to Big Deals Weber 6415 Small 8-1/2-Inch-by-6-inch Aluminum Drip Pans, Set of 10 to Lowest Prices Napoleon BIM485RB Mirage 485 Built-In Natural Gas Grill with Rear Burner Deals on Selection Tags BuiltIn Burner Grill Napoleon Natural Prices Propane Savings Selection Single Powered by WordPress and Created for Drop In Gas Grills | Gas Barbecue Sale http //dropingasgrills.gasbarbecuesale.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com Web Toolbar by Wibiya')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01042', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Drop In Gas Grills DCS BGB36-BQAR-N 36-Inch Natural Gas Traditional Grill, Brushed Stainless Steel at Unbelievable Prices Cal Flame BBQ08852P Standard Single Flat Side Burner to Enjoy Savings Broil King 934664 Monarch 40 40,000-BTU Liquid-Propane Gas Grill with Side Burner at Amazing Prices If you are seeking for Broil King 934664 Monarch 40 40,000-BTU Liquid-Propane Gas Grill with Side Burner in save price and reccommend products. Review and compare price before get the best buy Broil King 934664 Monarch 40 40,000-BTU Liquid-Propane Gas Grill with Side Burner. Congratulations To You!! Because this Broil King 934664 Monarch 40 40,000-BTU Liquid-Propane Gas Grill with Side Burner is on sale in the store with great price and good Quality 100% Guaranteed. This store help you to save money because this is Shopping Online Store. Qualified Orders with fast shipping this Broil King 934664 Monarch 40 40,000-BTU Liquid-Propane Gas Grill with Side Burner products. CHEER!!! read more Broil King 934664 Monarch 40 40,000-BTU Liquid-Propane Gas Grill with Side Burner description The Monarch Series features the Super 8 Infinity burner and stainless steel components on a sturdy steel pedestal. With Broil King, a smaller grill is just as powerful and durable as a large one. Our barbecues are built by people who love to grill. For decades we have been building grills for barbecue enthusiasts all over the world. The heart of the grill is the oven itself. While an inferior cook box is less expensive to manufacture, Broil King s cast aluminum oven is superior in every way. Aluminum is rust-proof, retains heat for even and efficient cooking, and because it is die-cast not stamped we are able to mold it into a shape that will improve cooking performance. Click Here Check Price Now! Before Time Expires and Sold Out Liquid-propane gas grill with 40,000-BTU stainless-steel burner and 10,000-BTU side burner 520 square inches total cooking space; porcelain-coated cast-iron cooking grids Adjustable burner valves; thermometer; Flav-R-Wave system reduces flare-ups Sure-Lite ignition system; Therma-Cast aluminum oven; drop-down side shelves Measures approximately 54 by 21 by 49 inches; limited lifetime warranty Holiday Deals For This Year. Do not miss Broil King 934664 Monarch 40 40,000-BTU Liquid-Propane Gas Grill with Side Burner product. Decided to COL4 it online now. The cheapest place I have seen this Broil King 934664 Monarch 40 40,000-BTU Liquid-Propane Gas Grill with Side Burner is Shop Online. Click here find great price Broil King 934664 Monarch 40 40,000-BTU Liquid-Propane Gas Grill with Side Burner now. Title 4 39 Relate keywords drop in gas grills,weber drop in gas grills,charmglow grills natural gas,drop in natural gas grill,drop propane grills,built in gas grills,drop charcoal grills,drop gas grill reviews,charmglow drop grills,drop in natural gas grill,weber drop in gas grills,drop in gas grills reviews,drop in propane gas grills,drop in gas grill parts,lowes,barbeque galore,outdoor kitchens,charmglow,costco,bull gas grills,countertop gas grills,viking gas grills,gas grills,undermount gas grills,jenn air drop in grill,cal flame grills,lynx grills,drop in grills,create in gas grills Comments Tags 40000BTU , 934664 , Amazing , Burner , LiquidPropane , LiquidPropane 40000BTU , LiquidPropane Amazing , Monarch , Prices Comments are closed. Recent Posts Cal Flame BBQ08852P Standard Single Flat Side Burner to Enjoy Savings Broil King 934664 Monarch 40 40,000-BTU Liquid-Propane Gas Grill with Side Burner at Amazing Prices DCS BGB36-BQAR-N 36-Inch Natural Gas Traditional Grill, Brushed Stainless Steel at Unbelievable Prices American Outdoor Grill 24 Inch Built-in Propane Gas Grill to Enjoy Savings And Selection Weber 6511001 Genesis E-310 Liquid Propane Gas Grill, Black For Great Deals Fire Magic Natural Gas Countertop Single Side Burner 3280 to Big Deals Weber 6415 Small 8-1/2-Inch-by-6-inch Aluminum Drip Pans, Set of 10 to Lowest Prices Napoleon BIM485RB Mirage 485 Built-In Natural Gas Grill with Rear Burner Deals on Selection Tags BuiltIn Burner Grill Napoleon Natural Prices Propane Savings Selection Single Powered by WordPress and Created for Drop In Gas Grills | Gas Barbecue Sale http //dropingasgrills.gasbarbecuesale.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com Web Toolbar by Wibiya')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01043', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Drop In Gas Grills Broil King 934664 Monarch 40 40,000-BTU Liquid-Propane Gas Grill with Side Burner at Amazing Prices Cal Flame BBQ08852P Standard Single Flat Side Burner to Enjoy Savings If you are finding for Cal Flame BBQ08852P Standard Single Flat Side Burner in save price and hot products. Review and compare price before get the best buy Cal Flame BBQ08852P Standard Single Flat Side Burner. Congratulations To You!! Because this Cal Flame BBQ08852P Standard Single Flat Side Burner is on sale in the store with cool saving price and good Quality 100% Guaranteed. This store help you to save money because this is Shopping Online Store. Qualified Orders with fast shipping this Cal Flame BBQ08852P Standard Single Flat Side Burner products. CHEER!!! read more Cal Flame BBQ08852P Standard Single Flat Side Burner description When you need another heat source for cooking, the standard single flat side burner is an excellent solution. Click Here Check Price Now! Before Time Expires and Sold Out 15,000 btu high powered burner High quality 304 grade stainless steel Cooking surface supports wok cooking Exclusive cal flame stainless steel knobs Removable cover with handle Black Friday Deals For This Year. Do not miss Cal Flame BBQ08852P Standard Single Flat Side Burner product. Decided to COL4 it now. The cheapest place I have seen this Cal Flame BBQ08852P Standard Single Flat Side Burner is Shop Online. Click here find promotions Cal Flame BBQ08852P Standard Single Flat Side Burner now. Title 4 26 Relate keywords drop in gas grills,weber drop in gas grills,charmglow grills natural gas,drop in natural gas grill,drop propane grills,built in gas grills,drop charcoal grills,drop gas grill reviews,charmglow drop grills,drop in natural gas grill,weber drop in gas grills,drop in gas grills reviews,drop in propane gas grills,drop in gas grill parts,lowes,barbeque galore,outdoor kitchens,charmglow,costco,bull gas grills,countertop gas grills,viking gas grills,gas grills,undermount gas grills,jenn air drop in grill,cal flame grills,lynx grills,drop in grills,create in gas grills Comments Tags BBQ08852P , Burner , Burner Savings , Savings , Single , Standard , Standard Savings Comments are closed. Recent Posts Cal Flame BBQ08852P Standard Single Flat Side Burner to Enjoy Savings Broil King 934664 Monarch 40 40,000-BTU Liquid-Propane Gas Grill with Side Burner at Amazing Prices DCS BGB36-BQAR-N 36-Inch Natural Gas Traditional Grill, Brushed Stainless Steel at Unbelievable Prices American Outdoor Grill 24 Inch Built-in Propane Gas Grill to Enjoy Savings And Selection Weber 6511001 Genesis E-310 Liquid Propane Gas Grill, Black For Great Deals Fire Magic Natural Gas Countertop Single Side Burner 3280 to Big Deals Weber 6415 Small 8-1/2-Inch-by-6-inch Aluminum Drip Pans, Set of 10 to Lowest Prices Napoleon BIM485RB Mirage 485 Built-In Natural Gas Grill with Rear Burner Deals on Selection Tags BuiltIn Burner Grill Napoleon Natural Prices Propane Savings Selection Single Powered by WordPress and Created for Drop In Gas Grills | Gas Barbecue Sale http //dropingasgrills.gasbarbecuesale.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com Web Toolbar by Wibiya')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01044', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Drop In Gas Grills American Outdoor Grill 24 Inch Built-in Propane Gas Grill to Enjoy Savings And Selection Broil King 934664 Monarch 40 40,000-BTU Liquid-Propane Gas Grill with Side Burner at Amazing Prices DCS BGB36-BQAR-N 36-Inch Natural Gas Traditional Grill, Brushed Stainless Steel at Unbelievable Prices If you are searching for DCS BGB36-BQAR-N 36-Inch Natural Gas Traditional Grill, Brushed Stainless Steel in save price and hot products. Review and compare price before get the best buy DCS BGB36-BQAR-N 36-Inch Natural Gas Traditional Grill, Brushed Stainless Steel. Congratulations To You!! Because this DCS BGB36-BQAR-N 36-Inch Natural Gas Traditional Grill, Brushed Stainless Steel is on sale in the store with best price and good Quality 100% Guaranteed. This store help you to save money because this is Shopping Online Store. Qualified Orders with fast shipping this DCS BGB36-BQAR-N 36-Inch Natural Gas Traditional Grill, Brushed Stainless Steel products. CHEER!!! read more DCS BGB36-BQAR-N 36-Inch Natural Gas Traditional Grill, Brushed Stainless Steel description Tired of trying to find the hot spot DCS allows you to control the power of your grill as precisely as you ve always dreamed. Precision ported, U-shaped 304 grade stainless steel burners rated at 25000 BTU s per burner offer powerful performance and control. The patented Smart Beam grill light perfects grilling at night with a 50-watt halogen light integrated into the rotisserie motor that is capable of illuminating the entire grilling surface. Our patented Grease Management System reduces flare-ups by effectively channeling oil and grease away from the flame while grilling. A 9-volt Battery Ignition insures safe and efficient grill lighting every time and Double-Sided Cast 304 Grade Stainless Steel Grilling Grates feature one side with a gentle radius for support and handling while the other side is W-shaped for maximum grease capture while leaving perfect sear lines. Ceramic Radiant Technology provides intense, even heat. The Dedicated Infrared Rotisserie Burner supplies controllable searing heat. The heavy-duty Rotisserie Motor with Stainless Steel Rod and Forks can accommodate up to 50-pound. Patented design features of the grill are complemented by the DCS original styled cart with unique robust side shelf supports, drop-in serving trays, and large storage drawers. Additional Specifications Power 120-Volt 60Hz for models with Rotisserie Motor. Thread/Adapter 1/2-Inch NPT Male with a 3/8-Inch Flare Adapter Operational Pressure 4-Inch W.C. Supply Pressure 6-Inch to 9-Inch W.C. Burner Output 3 at 25000 BTU Integrated Rotisserie Burner 14000 BTU Rotisserie Rods Holds up to 50-Pound. Smoker Burner 3500 BTU Double Sided Grill Grates Stainless Steel Grilling Surface Area 638-Sqare inch. Click Here Check Price Now! Before Time Expires and Sold Out Natural gas available for built-in or on cart applications grilling surface area 646-square inch Smart beam grill light for perfect grilling at night 9-Volt battery ignition ensures safe and efficient grill lighting every time double-sided cast stainless steel grilling grates ceramic radiant technology provides intense even heat 3 25000 BTU, U-shaped, stainless steel burners Smoker tray with dedicated 3500 BTU burner removable stainless steel warming rack removable stainless steel drip tray designer metal control knobs New Years Eve Deals For This Year. Do not miss DCS BGB36-BQAR-N 36-Inch Natural Gas Traditional Grill, Brushed Stainless Steel product. Decided to COL4 it online now. The cheapest place I have seen this DCS BGB36-BQAR-N 36-Inch Natural Gas Traditional Grill, Brushed Stainless Steel is Shop Online. Click here find amazing price DCS BGB36-BQAR-N 36-Inch Natural Gas Traditional Grill, Brushed Stainless Steel now. Title 4 39 Relate keywords drop in gas grills,weber drop in gas grills,charmglow grills natural gas,drop in natural gas grill,drop propane grills,built in gas grills,drop charcoal grills,drop gas grill reviews,charmglow drop grills,drop in natural gas grill,weber drop in gas grills,drop in gas grills reviews,drop in propane gas grills,drop in gas grill parts,lowes,barbeque galore,outdoor kitchens,charmglow,costco,bull gas grills,countertop gas grills,viking gas grills,gas grills,undermount gas grills,jenn air drop in grill,cal flame grills,lynx grills,drop in grills,create in gas grills Comments Tags 36Inch , BGB36BQARN , BGB36BQARN Stainless , Brushed , Grill , Natural , Prices , Stainless , Traditional , Unbelievable , Unbelievable BGB36BQARN Comments are closed. Recent Posts Cal Flame BBQ08852P Standard Single Flat Side Burner to Enjoy Savings Broil King 934664 Monarch 40 40,000-BTU Liquid-Propane Gas Grill with Side Burner at Amazing Prices DCS BGB36-BQAR-N 36-Inch Natural Gas Traditional Grill, Brushed Stainless Steel at Unbelievable Prices American Outdoor Grill 24 Inch Built-in Propane Gas Grill to Enjoy Savings And Selection Weber 6511001 Genesis E-310 Liquid Propane Gas Grill, Black For Great Deals Fire Magic Natural Gas Countertop Single Side Burner 3280 to Big Deals Weber 6415 Small 8-1/2-Inch-by-6-inch Aluminum Drip Pans, Set of 10 to Lowest Prices Napoleon BIM485RB Mirage 485 Built-In Natural Gas Grill with Rear Burner Deals on Selection Tags BuiltIn Burner Grill Napoleon Natural Prices Propane Savings Selection Single Powered by WordPress and Created for Drop In Gas Grills | Gas Barbecue Sale http //dropingasgrills.gasbarbecuesale.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com Web Toolbar by Wibiya')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01045', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Drop In Gas Grills Weber 6415 Small 8-1/2-Inch-by-6-inch Aluminum Drip Pans, Set of 10 to Lowest Prices Napoleon BIM485RB Mirage 485 Built-In Natural Gas Grill with Rear Burner Deals on Selection If you are searching for Napoleon BIM485RB Mirage 485 Built-In Natural Gas Grill with Rear Burner in save price and hot promotions. Review and compare price before get the best buy Napoleon BIM485RB Mirage 485 Built-In Natural Gas Grill with Rear Burner. Congratulations To You!! Because this Napoleon BIM485RB Mirage 485 Built-In Natural Gas Grill with Rear Burner is on sale in the store with lowest price and good Quality 100% Guaranteed. This store help you to save money because this is Shopping Online Store. Qualified Orders with fast shipping this Napoleon BIM485RB Mirage 485 Built-In Natural Gas Grill with Rear Burner products. CHEER!!! read more Napoleon BIM485RB Mirage 485 Built-In Natural Gas Grill with Rear Burner description The Napoleon Mirage BIM485RB available in Propane and Natural is an affordable way to create your own built-in grill. This Mirage has 485 square inch of primary cooking area with a total of 675 square inch. With a total of 61,500 total btu, the three stainless steel bottom tube burners make up 48,000 btu and the infrared rear burner adds 13,500 btu s. JETFIRE ignition for ways startups, engaging IGLOW backlit control knobs for late night entertaining and an optional commercial rotisserie kit for juicy chicken and roasts Napoleon rotisserie kit 64485 . Stainless steel rod cooking grids included as well as the Presidents limited lifetime warranty. Click Here Check Price Now! Before Time Expires and Sold Out 3-Stainless steel burners and infrared rear burner for 61,500 BTUs 675 square inch of total cooking area Stainless steel grids, lid and control panel for durability Available in both propane and natural gas Presidents limited lifetime warranty Thanksgiving Day Deals For This Year. Do not miss Napoleon BIM485RB Mirage 485 Built-In Natural Gas Grill with Rear Burner product. Decided to COL4 it today. The cheapest place I have seen this Napoleon BIM485RB Mirage 485 Built-In Natural Gas Grill with Rear Burner is Shop Online. Click here find amazing price Napoleon BIM485RB Mirage 485 Built-In Natural Gas Grill with Rear Burner now. Title 4 31 Relate keywords drop in gas grills,weber drop in gas grills,charmglow grills natural gas,drop in natural gas grill,drop propane grills,built in gas grills,drop charcoal grills,drop gas grill reviews,charmglow drop grills,drop in natural gas grill,weber drop in gas grills,drop in gas grills reviews,drop in propane gas grills,drop in gas grill parts,lowes,barbeque galore,outdoor kitchens,charmglow,costco,bull gas grills,countertop gas grills,viking gas grills,gas grills,undermount gas grills,jenn air drop in grill,cal flame grills,lynx grills,drop in grills,create in gas grills Comments Tags BIM485RB , BuiltIn , Burner , Mirage , Napoleon , Napoleon Mirage , Natural , Natural BuiltIn , Selection Comments are closed. Recent Posts Cal Flame BBQ08852P Standard Single Flat Side Burner to Enjoy Savings Broil King 934664 Monarch 40 40,000-BTU Liquid-Propane Gas Grill with Side Burner at Amazing Prices DCS BGB36-BQAR-N 36-Inch Natural Gas Traditional Grill, Brushed Stainless Steel at Unbelievable Prices American Outdoor Grill 24 Inch Built-in Propane Gas Grill to Enjoy Savings And Selection Weber 6511001 Genesis E-310 Liquid Propane Gas Grill, Black For Great Deals Fire Magic Natural Gas Countertop Single Side Burner 3280 to Big Deals Weber 6415 Small 8-1/2-Inch-by-6-inch Aluminum Drip Pans, Set of 10 to Lowest Prices Napoleon BIM485RB Mirage 485 Built-In Natural Gas Grill with Rear Burner Deals on Selection Tags BuiltIn Burner Grill Napoleon Natural Prices Propane Savings Selection Single Powered by WordPress and Created for Drop In Gas Grills | Gas Barbecue Sale http //dropingasgrills.gasbarbecuesale.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com Web Toolbar by Wibiya')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01046', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Drop In Gas Grills Napoleon BIM485RB Mirage 485 Built-In Natural Gas Grill with Rear Burner Deals on Selection Fire Magic Natural Gas Countertop Single Side Burner 3280 to Big Deals Weber 6415 Small 8-1/2-Inch-by-6-inch Aluminum Drip Pans, Set of 10 to Lowest Prices If you are looking for Weber 6415 Small 8-1/2-Inch-by-6-inch Aluminum Drip Pans, Set of 10 in save price and top products. Review and compare price before get the best order Weber 6415 Small 8-1/2-Inch-by-6-inch Aluminum Drip Pans, Set of 10. Congratulations To You!! Because this Weber 6415 Small 8-1/2-Inch-by-6-inch Aluminum Drip Pans, Set of 10 is on sale in the store with affordable price and good Quality 100% Guaranteed. This store help you to save money because this is Shopping Online Store. Qualified Orders with fast shipping this Weber 6415 Small 8-1/2-Inch-by-6-inch Aluminum Drip Pans, Set of 10 products. CHEER!!! read more Weber 6415 Small 8-1/2-Inch-by-6-inch Aluminum Drip Pans, Set of 10 description Foil liners for grease catch pan. Each pan measures 8.5 x 6 . 10 pans per pack. Does not fit Summit 6-burner gas grills Click Here Check Price Now! Before Time Expires and Sold Out Set of 10 aluminum drip pans line grill catch pan Fit all Weber gas grills except Summit 6-burner grills No-fuss way to keep grill clean and ready for service Also great for cooking side dishes Each measures 8-1/2 inches by 6 inches Thanksgiving Day Deals For This Year. Do not miss Weber 6415 Small 8-1/2-Inch-by-6-inch Aluminum Drip Pans, Set of 10 product. Decided to COL4 it here. The cheapest place I have seen this Weber 6415 Small 8-1/2-Inch-by-6-inch Aluminum Drip Pans, Set of 10 is Shop Online. Click here find bargain Weber 6415 Small 8-1/2-Inch-by-6-inch Aluminum Drip Pans, Set of 10 now. Title 4 35 Relate keywords drop in gas grills,weber drop in gas grills,charmglow grills natural gas,drop in natural gas grill,drop propane grills,built in gas grills,drop charcoal grills,drop gas grill reviews,charmglow drop grills,drop in natural gas grill,weber drop in gas grills,drop in gas grills reviews,drop in propane gas grills,drop in gas grill parts,lowes,barbeque galore,outdoor kitchens,charmglow,costco,bull gas grills,countertop gas grills,viking gas grills,gas grills,undermount gas grills,jenn air drop in grill,cal flame grills,lynx grills,drop in grills,create in gas grills Comments Tags Aluminum , Aluminum Prices , Lowest , Prices , Prices Lowest Comments are closed. Recent Posts Cal Flame BBQ08852P Standard Single Flat Side Burner to Enjoy Savings Broil King 934664 Monarch 40 40,000-BTU Liquid-Propane Gas Grill with Side Burner at Amazing Prices DCS BGB36-BQAR-N 36-Inch Natural Gas Traditional Grill, Brushed Stainless Steel at Unbelievable Prices American Outdoor Grill 24 Inch Built-in Propane Gas Grill to Enjoy Savings And Selection Weber 6511001 Genesis E-310 Liquid Propane Gas Grill, Black For Great Deals Fire Magic Natural Gas Countertop Single Side Burner 3280 to Big Deals Weber 6415 Small 8-1/2-Inch-by-6-inch Aluminum Drip Pans, Set of 10 to Lowest Prices Napoleon BIM485RB Mirage 485 Built-In Natural Gas Grill with Rear Burner Deals on Selection Tags BuiltIn Burner Grill Napoleon Natural Prices Propane Savings Selection Single Powered by WordPress and Created for Drop In Gas Grills | Gas Barbecue Sale http //dropingasgrills.gasbarbecuesale.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com Web Toolbar by Wibiya')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01048', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Front Porch Chairs Rock n on the Front Porch Bookmark Cheapest Prices Save Big on Rock n on the Front Porch Bookmark Lowest Price Here For Buy Rock n on the Front Porch Bookmark on Sale Today Great Price !! Lowest Price Cyber Monday Deals For Buy Rock n on the Front Porch Bookmark . This store is the best place to buy cheap Rock n on the Front Porch Bookmark. If you want to purchase Rock n on the Front Porch Bookmark in the great price, click on Order Now button or click on Compare Best Price button to see special offers and read more customer reviews. Your order will be delivered within 5-8 business days and FREE with Super Saver Shipping For Order More 25usd . Hurry Up !! This price promotion is time limited. Order the best price from this page. read more Read the rest of this entry Tags Bookmark , Cheapest , Prices , Rockn , Rockn Cheapest International Concepts R-51865 Porch Rocker, Hunter Green Online Shopping Save Big on International Concepts R-51865 Porch Rocker, Hunter Green Lowest Price Here For Buy International Concepts R-51865 Porch Rocker, Hunter Green on Sale Best Value !! See Lowest Price Here Promotions For Cyber Monday Deals International Concepts R-51865 Porch Rocker, Hunter Green . This store is the best place to buy cheap International Concepts R-51865 Porch Rocker, Hunter Green. If you want to purchase International Concepts R-51865 Porch Rocker, Hunter Green in the great price, click on Order Now button or click on Compare Best Price button to see special offers and read more customer reviews. Your order will be delivered within 5-8 business days and FREE with Super Saver Shipping For Order More 25usd . Hurry Up !! This price promotion is time limited. Order the best price from this page. read more Read the rest of this entry Tags Concepts , Hunter , Hunter Concepts , International , Online , Online Concepts , R51865 , Rocker , Shopping Front Porch Canvas Print / Canvas Art Artist Kelly Wade Promotion Today Save Big on Front Porch Canvas Print / Canvas Art Artist Kelly Wade See Lowest Price Here Promotions for Front Porch Canvas Print / Canvas Art Artist Kelly Wade on Sale Today Discount Now !! Lowest Price Black Friday Deals For Buy Front Porch Canvas Print / Canvas Art Artist Kelly Wade . This store is the best place to buy cheap Front Porch Canvas Print / Canvas Art Artist Kelly Wade. If you want to purchase Front Porch Canvas Print / Canvas Art Artist Kelly Wade in the great price, click on Order Now button or click on Compare Best Price button to see special offers and read more customer reviews. Your order will be delivered within 5-8 business days and FREE with Super Saver Shipping For Order More 25usd . Hurry Up !! This price promotion is time limited. Order the best price from this page. read more Read the rest of this entry Tags Artist , Canvas , Canvas Artist , Canvas Promotion , Promotion Wallmonkeys Peel and Stick Wall Decals Suburban Front Porch 24 H x 16 W Removable Graphic Cheapest Prices Compare & Save on Wallmonkeys Peel and Stick Wall Decals Suburban Front Porch 24 H x 16 W Removable Graphic See Lowest Price Here Promotions for Wallmonkeys Peel and Stick Wall Decals Suburban Front Porch 24 H x 16 W Removable Graphic Today Discount Today !! See Lowest Price Cyber Monday Deals For Cheap Wallmonkeys Peel and Stick Wall Decals Suburban Front Porch 24 H x 16 W Removable Graphic . This store is the best place to buy cheap Wallmonkeys Peel and Stick Wall Decals Suburban Front Porch 24 H x 16 W Removable Graphic. If you want to purchase Wallmonkeys Peel and Stick Wall Decals Suburban Front Porch 24 H x 16 W Removable Graphic in the great price, click on Order Now button or click on Compare Best Price button to see special offers and read more customer reviews. Your order will be delivered within 5-8 business days and FREE with Super Saver Shipping For Order More 25usd . Hurry Up !! This price promotion is time limited. Order the best price from this page. read more Read the rest of this entry Tags Cheapest , Decals , Decals Wallmonkeys , Graphic , Prices , Prices Wallmonkeys , Removable , Suburban , Wallmonkeys Wallmonkeys Peel and Stick Wall Decals Suburban Front Porch 18 H x 12 W Removable Graphic Offer Promotion Today Enjoy Savings on Wallmonkeys Peel and Stick Wall Decals Suburban Front Porch 18 H x 12 W Removable Graphic Promotions Here For Buy Wallmonkeys Peel and Stick Wall Decals Suburban Front Porch 18 H x 12 W Removable Graphic on Sale Best Value !! See Lowest Price Here Promotions For Cyber Monday Deals Wallmonkeys Peel and Stick Wall Decals Suburban Front Porch 18 H x 12 W Removable Graphic . This store is the best place to buy cheap Wallmonkeys Peel and Stick Wall Decals Suburban Front Porch 18 H x 12 W Removable Graphic. If you want to purchase Wallmonkeys Peel and Stick Wall Decals Suburban Front Porch 18 H x 12 W Removable Graphic in the great price, click on Order Now button or click on Compare Best Price button to see special offers and read more customer reviews. Your order will be delivered within 5-8 business days and FREE with Super Saver Shipping For Order More 25usd . Hurry Up !! This price promotion is time limited. Order the best price from this page. read more Read the rest of this entry Tags Decals , Decals Wallmonkeys , Graphic , Promotion , Promotion Graphic , Removable , Suburban , Wallmonkeys Coaster Southern Country Plantation Porch Rocker/Rocking Chair, Oak Wood Finish Save Money Enjoy Savings & Selection on Coaster Southern Country Plantation Porch Rocker/Rocking Chair, Oak Wood Finish See Lowest Price Here Promotions for Coaster Southern Country Plantation Porch Rocker/Rocking Chair, Oak Wood Finish on Sale Cheap Price !! See Lowest Price Black Friday Deals For Cheap Coaster Southern Country Plantation Porch Rocker/Rocking Chair, Oak Wood Finish . This store is the best place to buy cheap Coaster Southern Country Plantation Porch Rocker/Rocking Chair, Oak Wood Finish. If you want to purchase Coaster Southern Country Plantation Porch Rocker/Rocking Chair, Oak Wood Finish in the great price, click on Order Now button or click on Compare Best Price button to see special offers and read more customer reviews. Your order will be delivered within 5-8 business days and FREE with Super Saver Shipping For Order More 25usd . Hurry Up !! This price promotion is time limited. Order the best price from this page. read more Read the rest of this entry Tags Chair , Coaster , Country , Country Coaster , Finish , Finish Chair , Plantation , RockerRocking , Southern Adirondack Chairs Welcome Sign, Wrought Iron, Large Version 17.5 Sale Discount Prices The Lowest Prices on Adirondack Chairs Welcome Sign, Wrought Iron, Large Version 17.5 See Lowest Price Here Discount Adirondack Chairs Welcome Sign, Wrought Iron, Large Version 17.5 Today Save Price !! See Lowest Price Cyber Monday Deals For Cheap Adirondack Chairs Welcome Sign, Wrought Iron, Large Version 17.5 . This store is the best place to buy cheap Adirondack Chairs Welcome Sign, Wrought Iron, Large Version 17.5 . If you want to purchase Adirondack Chairs Welcome Sign, Wrought Iron, Large Version 17.5 in the great price, click on Order Now button or click on Compare Best Price button to see special offers and read more customer reviews. Your order will be delivered within 5-8 business days and FREE with Super Saver Shipping For Order More 25usd . Hurry Up !! This price promotion is time limited. Order the best price from this page. read more Read the rest of this entry Tags Adirondack , Chairs , Chairs Welcome , Discount , Prices , Version , Welcome , Wrought , Wrought Chairs Chair Family Front Porch Rockers Framed Print Picture Save Money Hot Price on Chair Family Front Porch Rockers Framed Print Picture See Lowest Price Here Promotions for Chair Family Front Porch Rockers Framed Print Picture on Sale Best Value !! See Lowest Price Here Promotions For Black Friday Deals Chair Family Front Porch Rockers Framed Print Picture . This store is the best place to buy cheap Chair Family Front Porch Rockers Framed Print Picture. If you want to purchase Chair Family Front Porch Rockers Framed Print Picture in the great price, click on Order Now button or click on Compare Best Price button to see special offers and read more customer reviews. Your order will be delivered within 5-8 business days and FREE with Super Saver Shipping For Order More 25usd . Hurry Up !! This price promotion is time limited. Order the best price from this page. read more Read the rest of this entry Tags Family , Family Rockers , Framed , Picture , Rockers , Rockers Framed Recent Posts Rock n on the Front Porch Bookmark Cheapest Prices International Concepts R-51865 Porch Rocker, Hunter Green Online Shopping Front Porch Canvas Print / Canvas Art Artist Kelly Wade Promotion Today Wallmonkeys Peel and Stick Wall Decals Suburban Front Porch 24 H x 16 W Removable Graphic Cheapest Prices Wallmonkeys Peel and Stick Wall Decals Suburban Front Porch 18 H x 12 W Removable Graphic Offer Promotion Today Coaster Southern Country Plantation Porch Rocker/Rocking Chair, Oak Wood Finish Save Money Adirondack Chairs Welcome Sign, Wrought Iron, Large Version 17.5 Sale Discount Prices Chair Family Front Porch Rockers Framed Print Picture Save Money Tags Adirondack Artist Canvas Canvas Artist Canvas Promotion Chair Chairs Chairs Welcome Cheapest Coaster Concepts Country Country Coaster Decals Decals Wallmonkeys Discount Family Family Rockers Finish Finish Chair Framed Graphic Hunter International Online Picture Plantation Prices Prices Wallmonkeys Promotion Promotion Graphic R51865 Removable Rocker RockerRocking Rockers Rockers Framed Shopping Southern Suburban Version Wallmonkeys Welcome Wrought Wrought Chairs Powered by WordPress and Created for Front Porch Chairs | Deck Furniture Sale http //frontporchchairs.deckfurnituresale.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com Web Toolbar by Wibiya')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01049', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Front Porch Chairs Chair Family Front Porch Rockers Framed Print Picture Save Money Coaster Southern Country Plantation Porch Rocker/Rocking Chair, Oak Wood Finish Save Money Adirondack Chairs Welcome Sign, Wrought Iron, Large Version 17.5 Sale Discount Prices The Lowest Prices on Adirondack Chairs Welcome Sign, Wrought Iron, Large Version 17.5 See Lowest Price Here Discount Adirondack Chairs Welcome Sign, Wrought Iron, Large Version 17.5 Today Save Price !! See Lowest Price Cyber Monday Deals For Cheap Adirondack Chairs Welcome Sign, Wrought Iron, Large Version 17.5 . This store is the best place to buy cheap Adirondack Chairs Welcome Sign, Wrought Iron, Large Version 17.5 . If you want to purchase Adirondack Chairs Welcome Sign, Wrought Iron, Large Version 17.5 in the great price, click on Order Now button or click on Compare Best Price button to see special offers and read more customer reviews. Your order will be delivered within 5-8 business days and FREE with Super Saver Shipping For Order More 25usd . Hurry Up !! This price promotion is time limited. Order the best price from this page. read more Adirondack Chairs Welcome Sign, Wrought Iron, Large Version 17.5 description What a wonderful way to welcome friends and family to your door while adding a touch of charm to the outside of your home! Featuring a pair of andriondack chairs, this lightweight sign is created from wrought iron and powder-coated to allow a lifetime of protection from the elements. Easy to install on most surfaces with two screws included . Made in the USA. Click here to order Adirondack Chairs Welcome Sign, Wrought Iron, Large Version 17.5 now while the stocks last A wonderful way to welcome friends while adding a touch of charm to your home Powder-coated to allow a lifetime of protection from the elements Lightweight and easy to install Measures a full 17.5 x 12.5 Made in the USA Are you looking Adirondack Chairs Welcome Sign, Wrought Iron, Large Version 17.5 sales or bargain prices for Cyber Monday Deals 2011 I have seen this Adirondack Chairs Welcome Sign, Wrought Iron, Large Version 17.5 is Shop Online. Now price much lower than the day before. I think you will like it. Click here to purchase the Adirondack Chairs Welcome Sign, Wrought Iron, Large Version 17.5 Shop Online where it is currently on sale cheaper than anywhere else I have seen. Title 4 20 Relate keywords front porch chairs,front porch rocking chairs,patio furniture,outdoor furniture,lowes,front chairs porch swings,front porch seats,front porch stool,front porch equipment,front porch set,front porch sofa,front door chairs,front deck chairs,front stoop chairs,front steps chairs,blue plate chairs Comments Tags Adirondack , Chairs , Chairs Welcome , Discount , Prices , Version , Welcome , Wrought , Wrought Chairs Comments are closed. Recent Posts Rock n on the Front Porch Bookmark Cheapest Prices International Concepts R-51865 Porch Rocker, Hunter Green Online Shopping Front Porch Canvas Print / Canvas Art Artist Kelly Wade Promotion Today Wallmonkeys Peel and Stick Wall Decals Suburban Front Porch 24 H x 16 W Removable Graphic Cheapest Prices Wallmonkeys Peel and Stick Wall Decals Suburban Front Porch 18 H x 12 W Removable Graphic Offer Promotion Today Coaster Southern Country Plantation Porch Rocker/Rocking Chair, Oak Wood Finish Save Money Adirondack Chairs Welcome Sign, Wrought Iron, Large Version 17.5 Sale Discount Prices Chair Family Front Porch Rockers Framed Print Picture Save Money Tags Adirondack Artist Canvas Canvas Artist Canvas Promotion Chair Chairs Chairs Welcome Cheapest Coaster Concepts Country Country Coaster Decals Decals Wallmonkeys Discount Family Family Rockers Finish Finish Chair Framed Graphic Hunter International Online Picture Plantation Prices Prices Wallmonkeys Promotion Promotion Graphic R51865 Removable Rocker RockerRocking Rockers Rockers Framed Shopping Southern Suburban Version Wallmonkeys Welcome Wrought Wrought Chairs Powered by WordPress and Created for Front Porch Chairs | Deck Furniture Sale http //frontporchchairs.deckfurnituresale.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com Web Toolbar by Wibiya')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01050', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Front Porch Chairs Adirondack Chairs Welcome Sign, Wrought Iron, Large Version 17.5 Sale Discount Prices Chair Family Front Porch Rockers Framed Print Picture Save Money Hot Price on Chair Family Front Porch Rockers Framed Print Picture See Lowest Price Here Promotions for Chair Family Front Porch Rockers Framed Print Picture on Sale Best Value !! See Lowest Price Here Promotions For Black Friday Deals Chair Family Front Porch Rockers Framed Print Picture . This store is the best place to buy cheap Chair Family Front Porch Rockers Framed Print Picture. If you want to purchase Chair Family Front Porch Rockers Framed Print Picture in the great price, click on Order Now button or click on Compare Best Price button to see special offers and read more customer reviews. Your order will be delivered within 5-8 business days and FREE with Super Saver Shipping For Order More 25usd . Hurry Up !! This price promotion is time limited. Order the best price from this page. read more Chair Family Front Porch Rockers Framed Print Picture description Artist Lu, Zhen Huan Framed Print Picture Size 20 x 32 inches Print Size 18 x 30 inches Shown framed with a White-wash frame Click here to order Chair Family Front Porch Rockers Framed Print Picture now while the stocks last Framed Print Picture Size 20 x 32 inches Print Size 18 x 30 inches Includes Framing Grade Glass, an Acid-free Card board backing, & a Hanger. Frame has Hardware attached & arrives Ready to Hang out of the box. All frames are made by a Trained Professional using State of the Art Framing equipment. Frame is made from Solid Wood or heavy wood composite. Are you looking Chair Family Front Porch Rockers Framed Print Picture sales or cool saving prices for Thanksgiving Day Deals 2011 I have seen this Chair Family Front Porch Rockers Framed Print Picture is Shop Online. Now price much lower than the day before. I think you will like it. Click here to purchase the Chair Family Front Porch Rockers Framed Print Picture Shop Online where it is currently on sale cheaper than anywhere else I have seen. Title 4 37 Relate keywords front porch chairs,front porch rocking chairs,patio furniture,outdoor furniture,lowes,front chairs porch swings,front porch seats,front porch stool,front porch equipment,front porch set,front porch sofa,front door chairs,front deck chairs,front stoop chairs,front steps chairs,blue plate chairs Comments Tags Family , Family Rockers , Framed , Picture , Rockers , Rockers Framed Comments are closed. Recent Posts Rock n on the Front Porch Bookmark Cheapest Prices International Concepts R-51865 Porch Rocker, Hunter Green Online Shopping Front Porch Canvas Print / Canvas Art Artist Kelly Wade Promotion Today Wallmonkeys Peel and Stick Wall Decals Suburban Front Porch 24 H x 16 W Removable Graphic Cheapest Prices Wallmonkeys Peel and Stick Wall Decals Suburban Front Porch 18 H x 12 W Removable Graphic Offer Promotion Today Coaster Southern Country Plantation Porch Rocker/Rocking Chair, Oak Wood Finish Save Money Adirondack Chairs Welcome Sign, Wrought Iron, Large Version 17.5 Sale Discount Prices Chair Family Front Porch Rockers Framed Print Picture Save Money Tags Adirondack Artist Canvas Canvas Artist Canvas Promotion Chair Chairs Chairs Welcome Cheapest Coaster Concepts Country Country Coaster Decals Decals Wallmonkeys Discount Family Family Rockers Finish Finish Chair Framed Graphic Hunter International Online Picture Plantation Prices Prices Wallmonkeys Promotion Promotion Graphic R51865 Removable Rocker RockerRocking Rockers Rockers Framed Shopping Southern Suburban Version Wallmonkeys Welcome Wrought Wrought Chairs Powered by WordPress and Created for Front Porch Chairs | Deck Furniture Sale http //frontporchchairs.deckfurnituresale.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com Web Toolbar by Wibiya')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01051', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Front Porch Chairs Wallmonkeys Peel and Stick Wall Decals Suburban Front Porch 24 H x 16 W Removable Graphic Cheapest Prices International Concepts R-51865 Porch Rocker, Hunter Green Online Shopping Front Porch Canvas Print / Canvas Art Artist Kelly Wade Promotion Today Save Big on Front Porch Canvas Print / Canvas Art Artist Kelly Wade See Lowest Price Here Promotions for Front Porch Canvas Print / Canvas Art Artist Kelly Wade on Sale Today Discount Now !! Lowest Price Black Friday Deals For Buy Front Porch Canvas Print / Canvas Art Artist Kelly Wade . This store is the best place to buy cheap Front Porch Canvas Print / Canvas Art Artist Kelly Wade. If you want to purchase Front Porch Canvas Print / Canvas Art Artist Kelly Wade in the great price, click on Order Now button or click on Compare Best Price button to see special offers and read more customer reviews. Your order will be delivered within 5-8 business days and FREE with Super Saver Shipping For Order More 25usd . Hurry Up !! This price promotion is time limited. Order the best price from this page. read more Front Porch Canvas Print / Canvas Art Artist Kelly Wade description This is a beautiful stretched-canvas print wrapped on 1.5 thick stretcher bars. The print is professionally printed, assembled, and shipped within 2 3 business days from our production facility in North Carolina and arrives ready-to-hang on your wall. Fine Art America is home to more than 75,000 artists from all over the world who entrust us to fulfill their print orders online. We offer a 30-day money-back guarantee on every print that we sell and look forward to helping you select your next piece. Keywords Porch Canvas Print, Chairs Canvas Print, Photograph Canvas Print, Canvas Canvas Print, South Canvas Print Click here to order Front Porch Canvas Print / Canvas Art Artist Kelly Wade now while the stocks last Museum Quality Canvas Print Gallery Wrapped on 1.5 Stretcher Bars Arrives Ready to Hang with Hanging Wire, Mounting Hooks, and Nails Available in a Variety of Sizes Includes 30-Day Money Back Guarantee Are you looking Front Porch Canvas Print / Canvas Art Artist Kelly Wade sales or lowest prices for Black Friday Deals 2011 I have seen this Front Porch Canvas Print / Canvas Art Artist Kelly Wade is Shop Online. Now price much lower than the day before. I think you will like it. Click here to read more reviews of the Front Porch Canvas Print / Canvas Art Artist Kelly Wade Shop Online where it is currently on sale cheaper than anywhere else I have seen. Title 4 21 Relate keywords front porch chairs,front porch rocking chairs,patio furniture,outdoor furniture,lowes,front chairs porch swings,front porch seats,front porch stool,front porch equipment,front porch set,front porch sofa,front door chairs,front deck chairs,front stoop chairs,front steps chairs,blue plate chairs Comments Tags Artist , Canvas , Canvas Artist , Canvas Promotion , Promotion Comments are closed. Recent Posts Rock n on the Front Porch Bookmark Cheapest Prices International Concepts R-51865 Porch Rocker, Hunter Green Online Shopping Front Porch Canvas Print / Canvas Art Artist Kelly Wade Promotion Today Wallmonkeys Peel and Stick Wall Decals Suburban Front Porch 24 H x 16 W Removable Graphic Cheapest Prices Wallmonkeys Peel and Stick Wall Decals Suburban Front Porch 18 H x 12 W Removable Graphic Offer Promotion Today Coaster Southern Country Plantation Porch Rocker/Rocking Chair, Oak Wood Finish Save Money Adirondack Chairs Welcome Sign, Wrought Iron, Large Version 17.5 Sale Discount Prices Chair Family Front Porch Rockers Framed Print Picture Save Money Tags Adirondack Artist Canvas Canvas Artist Canvas Promotion Chair Chairs Chairs Welcome Cheapest Coaster Concepts Country Country Coaster Decals Decals Wallmonkeys Discount Family Family Rockers Finish Finish Chair Framed Graphic Hunter International Online Picture Plantation Prices Prices Wallmonkeys Promotion Promotion Graphic R51865 Removable Rocker RockerRocking Rockers Rockers Framed Shopping Southern Suburban Version Wallmonkeys Welcome Wrought Wrought Chairs Powered by WordPress and Created for Front Porch Chairs | Deck Furniture Sale http //frontporchchairs.deckfurnituresale.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com Web Toolbar by Wibiya')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01052', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Front Porch Chairs Front Porch Canvas Print / Canvas Art Artist Kelly Wade Promotion Today International Concepts R-51865 Porch Rocker, Hunter Green Online Shopping Save Big on International Concepts R-51865 Porch Rocker, Hunter Green Lowest Price Here For Buy International Concepts R-51865 Porch Rocker, Hunter Green on Sale Best Value !! See Lowest Price Here Promotions For Cyber Monday Deals International Concepts R-51865 Porch Rocker, Hunter Green . This store is the best place to buy cheap International Concepts R-51865 Porch Rocker, Hunter Green. If you want to purchase International Concepts R-51865 Porch Rocker, Hunter Green in the great price, click on Order Now button or click on Compare Best Price button to see special offers and read more customer reviews. Your order will be delivered within 5-8 business days and FREE with Super Saver Shipping For Order More 25usd . Hurry Up !! This price promotion is time limited. Order the best price from this page. read more International Concepts R-51865 Porch Rocker, Hunter Green description Your home is a natural extension of you. Add these innovative designs from International Concepts to spruce up any decor. Click here to order International Concepts R-51865 Porch Rocker, Hunter Green now while the stocks last Made from solid wood Ready to assemble These are designed for use on a covered porch or other covered outdoor areas Are you looking International Concepts R-51865 Porch Rocker, Hunter Green sales or cheap prices for Holiday Season 2011 I have seen this International Concepts R-51865 Porch Rocker, Hunter Green is Shop Online. Now price much lower than the day before. I think you will like it. Click here to get the International Concepts R-51865 Porch Rocker, Hunter Green Shop Online where it is currently on sale cheaper than anywhere else I have seen. Title 4 19 Relate keywords front porch chairs,front porch rocking chairs,patio furniture,outdoor furniture,lowes,front chairs porch swings,front porch seats,front porch stool,front porch equipment,front porch set,front porch sofa,front door chairs,front deck chairs,front stoop chairs,front steps chairs,blue plate chairs Comments Tags Concepts , Hunter , Hunter Concepts , International , Online , Online Concepts , R51865 , Rocker , Shopping Comments are closed. Recent Posts International Concepts R-51865 Porch Rocker, Hunter Green Online Shopping Front Porch Canvas Print / Canvas Art Artist Kelly Wade Promotion Today Wallmonkeys Peel and Stick Wall Decals Suburban Front Porch 24 H x 16 W Removable Graphic Cheapest Prices Wallmonkeys Peel and Stick Wall Decals Suburban Front Porch 18 H x 12 W Removable Graphic Offer Promotion Today Coaster Southern Country Plantation Porch Rocker/Rocking Chair, Oak Wood Finish Save Money Adirondack Chairs Welcome Sign, Wrought Iron, Large Version 17.5 Sale Discount Prices Chair Family Front Porch Rockers Framed Print Picture Save Money Tags Adirondack Artist Canvas Canvas Artist Canvas Promotion Chair Chairs Chairs Welcome Cheapest Coaster Concepts Country Country Coaster Decals Decals Wallmonkeys Discount Family Family Rockers Finish Finish Chair Framed Graphic Hunter International Online Picture Plantation Prices Prices Wallmonkeys Promotion Promotion Graphic R51865 Removable Rocker RockerRocking Rockers Rockers Framed Shopping Southern Suburban Version Wallmonkeys Welcome Wrought Wrought Chairs Powered by WordPress and Created for Front Porch Chairs | Deck Furniture Sale http //frontporchchairs.deckfurnituresale.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com Web Toolbar by Wibiya')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01053', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Front Porch Chairs International Concepts R-51865 Porch Rocker, Hunter Green Online Shopping Rock n on the Front Porch Bookmark Cheapest Prices Save Big on Rock n on the Front Porch Bookmark Lowest Price Here For Buy Rock n on the Front Porch Bookmark on Sale Today Great Price !! Lowest Price Cyber Monday Deals For Buy Rock n on the Front Porch Bookmark . This store is the best place to buy cheap Rock n on the Front Porch Bookmark. If you want to purchase Rock n on the Front Porch Bookmark in the great price, click on Order Now button or click on Compare Best Price button to see special offers and read more customer reviews. Your order will be delivered within 5-8 business days and FREE with Super Saver Shipping For Order More 25usd . Hurry Up !! This price promotion is time limited. Order the best price from this page. read more Rock n on the Front Porch Bookmark description Rock n on the Front Porch Bookmark Click here to order Rock n on the Front Porch Bookmark now while the stocks last Clips firmly to page with 2 magnets Mark your Last Line read Will not fall out of your book Laminated for durability Made in the USA Are you looking Rock n on the Front Porch Bookmark sales or cheap prices for Christmas Day Deals 2011 I have seen this Rock n on the Front Porch Bookmark is Shop Online. Now price much lower than the day before. I think you will like it. Click here to purchase the Rock n on the Front Porch Bookmark Shop Online where it is currently on sale cheaper than anywhere else I have seen. Title 4 16 Relate keywords front porch chairs,front porch rocking chairs,patio furniture,outdoor furniture,lowes,front chairs porch swings,front porch seats,front porch stool,front porch equipment,front porch set,front porch sofa,front door chairs,front deck chairs,front stoop chairs,front steps chairs,blue plate chairs Comments Tags Bookmark , Cheapest , Prices , Rockn , Rockn Cheapest Comments are closed. Recent Posts Rock n on the Front Porch Bookmark Cheapest Prices International Concepts R-51865 Porch Rocker, Hunter Green Online Shopping Front Porch Canvas Print / Canvas Art Artist Kelly Wade Promotion Today Wallmonkeys Peel and Stick Wall Decals Suburban Front Porch 24 H x 16 W Removable Graphic Cheapest Prices Wallmonkeys Peel and Stick Wall Decals Suburban Front Porch 18 H x 12 W Removable Graphic Offer Promotion Today Coaster Southern Country Plantation Porch Rocker/Rocking Chair, Oak Wood Finish Save Money Adirondack Chairs Welcome Sign, Wrought Iron, Large Version 17.5 Sale Discount Prices Chair Family Front Porch Rockers Framed Print Picture Save Money Tags Adirondack Artist Canvas Canvas Artist Canvas Promotion Chair Chairs Chairs Welcome Cheapest Coaster Concepts Country Country Coaster Decals Decals Wallmonkeys Discount Family Family Rockers Finish Finish Chair Framed Graphic Hunter International Online Picture Plantation Prices Prices Wallmonkeys Promotion Promotion Graphic R51865 Removable Rocker RockerRocking Rockers Rockers Framed Shopping Southern Suburban Version Wallmonkeys Welcome Wrought Wrought Chairs Powered by WordPress and Created for Front Porch Chairs | Deck Furniture Sale http //frontporchchairs.deckfurnituresale.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com Web Toolbar by Wibiya')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01055', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Garden Patio Table Strathwood St. Thomas Rectangular Table Cheapest Prices Find Deals on Strathwood St. Thomas Rectangular Table See Lowest Price Here Discount Strathwood St. Thomas Rectangular Table on Sale Best Value !! See Lowest Price Here Promotions For Cyber Monday Deals Strathwood St. Thomas Rectangular Table . This store is the best place to buy cheap Strathwood St. Thomas Rectangular Table. If you want to purchase Strathwood St. Thomas Rectangular Table in the great price, click on Order Now button or click on Compare Best Price button to see special offers and read more customer reviews. Your order will be delivered within 5-8 business days and FREE with Super Saver Shipping For Order More 25usd . Hurry Up !! This price promotion is time limited. Order the best price from this page. read more Read the rest of this entry Tags Cheapest , Cheapest Prices , Prices , Prices Thomas , Rectangular , Strathwood , Thomas Fire Sense Propane Table Top Patio Heater, Old World Bronze Save Money Affordable Prices on Fire Sense Propane Table Top Patio Heater, Old World Bronze See Lowest Price Here Discount Fire Sense Propane Table Top Patio Heater, Old World Bronze from Besellers Cheap Price !! Promotions Cyber Monday Deals For Buy Fire Sense Propane Table Top Patio Heater, Old World Bronze . This store is the best place to buy cheap Fire Sense Propane Table Top Patio Heater, Old World Bronze. If you want to purchase Fire Sense Propane Table Top Patio Heater, Old World Bronze in the great price, click on Order Now button or click on Compare Best Price button to see special offers and read more customer reviews. Your order will be delivered within 5-8 business days and FREE with Super Saver Shipping For Order More 25usd . Hurry Up !! This price promotion is time limited. Order the best price from this page. read more Read the rest of this entry Tags Bronze , Bronze Heater , Heater , Heater Propane , Propane Veranda Elite 55-089-031501-00 Patio Table and Chair Set Cover For Medium Rectangular and Oval Tables and Six Standard Chairs Save Price Shop for Veranda Elite 55-089-031501-00 Patio Table and Chair Set Cover For Medium Rectangular and Oval Tables and Six Standard Chairs See Lowest Price Here Discount Veranda Elite 55-089-031501-00 Patio Table and Chair Set Cover For Medium Rectangular and Oval Tables and Six Standard Chairs Today Discount Today !! See Lowest Price Here Promotions For Cyber Monday Deals Veranda Elite 55-089-031501-00 Patio Table and Chair Set Cover For Medium Rectangular and Oval Tables and Six Standard Chairs . This store is the best place to buy cheap Veranda Elite 55-089-031501-00 Patio Table and Chair Set Cover For Medium Rectangular and Oval Tables and Six Standard Chairs. If you want to purchase Veranda Elite 55-089-031501-00 Patio Table and Chair Set Cover For Medium Rectangular and Oval Tables and Six Standard Chairs in the great price, click on Order Now button or click on Compare Best Price button to see special offers and read more customer reviews. Your order will be delivered within 5-8 business days and FREE with Super Saver Shipping For Order More 25usd . Hurry Up !! This price promotion is time limited. Order the best price from this page. read more Read the rest of this entry Tags 5508903150100 , Chairs , Medium , Rectangular , Standard , Standard Tables , Tables , Veranda , Veranda Tables Hearth & Garden Patio Chair Cover Save Price Great Selection on Hearth & Garden Patio Chair Cover Promotions Here For Buy Hearth & Garden Patio Chair Cover Today Amazing Price !! Promotions Black Friday Deals For Buy Hearth & Garden Patio Chair Cover . This store is the best place to buy cheap Hearth & Garden Patio Chair Cover. If you want to purchase Hearth & Garden Patio Chair Cover in the great price, click on Order Now button or click on Compare Best Price button to see special offers and read more customer reviews. Your order will be delivered within 5-8 business days and FREE with Super Saver Shipping For Order More 25usd . Hurry Up !! This price promotion is time limited. Order the best price from this page. read more Read the rest of this entry Tags Garden , Garden Hearth , Hearth , Hearth Garden Suncast Patio Storage Box, 103 Gallon Save Price Buy Cheap on Suncast Patio Storage Box, 103 Gallon Promotions Here For Buy Suncast Patio Storage Box, 103 Gallon from Besellers Hot Price !! Lowest Price Black Friday Deals For Buy Suncast Patio Storage Box, 103 Gallon . This store is the best place to buy cheap Suncast Patio Storage Box, 103 Gallon. If you want to purchase Suncast Patio Storage Box, 103 Gallon in the great price, click on Order Now button or click on Compare Best Price button to see special offers and read more customer reviews. Your order will be delivered within 5-8 business days and FREE with Super Saver Shipping For Order More 25usd . Hurry Up !! This price promotion is time limited. Order the best price from this page. read more Read the rest of this entry Tags Gallon , Storage , Storage Gallon , Suncast Coaster Garden Plant / Phone Stand Corner Table, Black Wrought Iron Best Offer Promotion Hot Deals on Coaster Garden Plant / Phone Stand Corner Table, Black Wrought Iron Lowest Price Here For Buy Coaster Garden Plant / Phone Stand Corner Table, Black Wrought Iron on Sale Discount Now !! Promotions Black Friday Deals For Buy Coaster Garden Plant / Phone Stand Corner Table, Black Wrought Iron . This store is the best place to buy cheap Coaster Garden Plant / Phone Stand Corner Table, Black Wrought Iron. If you want to purchase Coaster Garden Plant / Phone Stand Corner Table, Black Wrought Iron in the great price, click on Order Now button or click on Compare Best Price button to see special offers and read more customer reviews. Your order will be delivered within 5-8 business days and FREE with Super Saver Shipping For Order More 25usd . Hurry Up !! This price promotion is time limited. Order the best price from this page. read more Read the rest of this entry Tags Coaster , Coaster Garden , Corner , Garden , Promotion , Promotion Table , Table , Wrought Veranda Elite 55-088-041501-00 Patio Table and Chair Set Cover For Large Round Tables and Six Standard Chairs Save Price with Promotion Today Find and Compare prices on Veranda Elite 55-088-041501-00 Patio Table and Chair Set Cover For Large Round Tables and Six Standard Chairs See Lowest Price Here Cheap Veranda Elite 55-088-041501-00 Patio Table and Chair Set Cover For Large Round Tables and Six Standard Chairs on Sale Discount Now !! See Lowest Price Black Friday Deals For Cheap Veranda Elite 55-088-041501-00 Patio Table and Chair Set Cover For Large Round Tables and Six Standard Chairs . This store is the best place to buy cheap Veranda Elite 55-088-041501-00 Patio Table and Chair Set Cover For Large Round Tables and Six Standard Chairs. If you want to purchase Veranda Elite 55-088-041501-00 Patio Table and Chair Set Cover For Large Round Tables and Six Standard Chairs in the great price, click on Order Now button or click on Compare Best Price button to see special offers and read more customer reviews. Your order will be delivered within 5-8 business days and FREE with Super Saver Shipping For Order More 25usd . Hurry Up !! This price promotion is time limited. Order the best price from this page. read more Read the rest of this entry Tags 5508804150100 , Chairs , Chairs Tables , Promotion , Standard , Standard Veranda , Tables , Veranda Deluxe Rectangular Table & Chair Set Cover Save Money Buy and Save on Deluxe Rectangular Table & Chair Set Cover See Lowest Price Here Discount Deluxe Rectangular Table & Chair Set Cover on Discount Now Great Price !! Promotions Cyber Monday Deals For Buy Deluxe Rectangular Table & Chair Set Cover . This store is the best place to buy cheap Deluxe Rectangular Table & Chair Set Cover. If you want to purchase Deluxe Rectangular Table & Chair Set Cover in the great price, click on Order Now button or click on Compare Best Price button to see special offers and read more customer reviews. Your order will be delivered within 5-8 business days and FREE with Super Saver Shipping For Order More 25usd . Hurry Up !! This price promotion is time limited. Order the best price from this page. read more Read the rest of this entry Tags Deluxe , Deluxe Rectangular , Rectangular , Rectangular Deluxe Recent Posts Strathwood St. Thomas Rectangular Table Cheapest Prices Fire Sense Propane Table Top Patio Heater, Old World Bronze Save Money Veranda Elite 55-089-031501-00 Patio Table and Chair Set Cover For Medium Rectangular and Oval Tables and Six Standard Chairs Save Price Hearth & Garden Patio Chair Cover Save Price Suncast Patio Storage Box, 103 Gallon Save Price Coaster Garden Plant / Phone Stand Corner Table, Black Wrought Iron Best Offer Promotion Veranda Elite 55-088-041501-00 Patio Table and Chair Set Cover For Large Round Tables and Six Standard Chairs Save Price with Promotion Today Deluxe Rectangular Table & Chair Set Cover Save Money Tags 5508804150100 5508903150100 Bronze Bronze Heater Chairs Chairs Tables Cheapest Cheapest Prices Coaster Coaster Garden Corner Deluxe Deluxe Rectangular Gallon Garden Garden Hearth Hearth Hearth Garden Heater Heater Propane Medium Prices Prices Thomas Promotion Promotion Table Propane Rectangular Rectangular Deluxe Standard Standard Tables Standard Veranda Storage Storage Gallon Strathwood Suncast Table Tables Thomas Veranda Veranda Tables Wrought Powered by WordPress and Created for Garden Patio Table | Deck Furniture Sale http //gardenpatiotable.deckfurnituresale.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com Web Toolbar by Wibiya')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01056', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Garden Patio Table Veranda Elite 55-088-041501-00 Patio Table and Chair Set Cover For Large Round Tables and Six Standard Chairs Save Price with Promotion Today Deluxe Rectangular Table & Chair Set Cover Save Money Buy and Save on Deluxe Rectangular Table & Chair Set Cover See Lowest Price Here Discount Deluxe Rectangular Table & Chair Set Cover on Discount Now Great Price !! Promotions Cyber Monday Deals For Buy Deluxe Rectangular Table & Chair Set Cover . This store is the best place to buy cheap Deluxe Rectangular Table & Chair Set Cover. If you want to purchase Deluxe Rectangular Table & Chair Set Cover in the great price, click on Order Now button or click on Compare Best Price button to see special offers and read more customer reviews. Your order will be delivered within 5-8 business days and FREE with Super Saver Shipping For Order More 25usd . Hurry Up !! This price promotion is time limited. Order the best price from this page. read more Deluxe Rectangular Table & Chair Set Cover description Protect your outdoor items from winter s wrath with our Hearth and Garden line of Patio furniture covers. Made from 380 gram polyester, our furniture and grill covers resist cracking, fading, tearing, and mold build up. Coated with PVC for increased water resistant and further protection from the elements, you can be confident that your patio furniture is secure through the seasons. We have covers available to fit all of your needs, from tables and chairs to grills and patio heathers. All of these items are available packaged in clear vinyl poly bags. HOT ITEM LIKE THIS TEND TO SELL OUT VERY QUICKLY Heavy Weight 380gram PVC Coated Polyester Resist cracking, fading, tearing and mold build-up PVC Coating increases water resistance and further protection from the elements Neutral but Fashionable Taupe Color Matches Your Outdoor Furniture and Environment Vented for better airflow to avoid moisture buildup on your furniture Great Deal for Deluxe Rectangular Table & Chair Set Cover. Best Value for Deluxe Rectangular Table & Chair Set Cover Sale In Stock Now. Best Buy Cheap on Deluxe Rectangular Table & Chair Set Cover . Purchase Online Special Offer & FAST Shipping Today Helpful Information for Customer Reviews to see what people talking about this product Title 4 38 Relate keywords garden patio table,lawn patio table,plant patio table,flower patio table,landscape patio table,park patio table,garden patio table sets,garden patio table chairs,garden patio table huge range,garden patio table teak,garden patio table discount,garden picnic table,garden bistro table,garden home depot,garden target,garden lowes Comments Tags Deluxe , Deluxe Rectangular , Rectangular , Rectangular Deluxe Comments are closed. Recent Posts Strathwood St. Thomas Rectangular Table Cheapest Prices Fire Sense Propane Table Top Patio Heater, Old World Bronze Save Money Veranda Elite 55-089-031501-00 Patio Table and Chair Set Cover For Medium Rectangular and Oval Tables and Six Standard Chairs Save Price Hearth & Garden Patio Chair Cover Save Price Suncast Patio Storage Box, 103 Gallon Save Price Coaster Garden Plant / Phone Stand Corner Table, Black Wrought Iron Best Offer Promotion Veranda Elite 55-088-041501-00 Patio Table and Chair Set Cover For Large Round Tables and Six Standard Chairs Save Price with Promotion Today Deluxe Rectangular Table & Chair Set Cover Save Money Tags 5508804150100 5508903150100 Bronze Bronze Heater Chairs Chairs Tables Cheapest Cheapest Prices Coaster Coaster Garden Corner Deluxe Deluxe Rectangular Gallon Garden Garden Hearth Hearth Hearth Garden Heater Heater Propane Medium Prices Prices Thomas Promotion Promotion Table Propane Rectangular Rectangular Deluxe Standard Standard Tables Standard Veranda Storage Storage Gallon Strathwood Suncast Table Tables Thomas Veranda Veranda Tables Wrought Powered by WordPress and Created for Garden Patio Table | Deck Furniture Sale http //gardenpatiotable.deckfurnituresale.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com Web Toolbar by Wibiya')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01057', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Garden Patio Table Veranda Elite 55-089-031501-00 Patio Table and Chair Set Cover For Medium Rectangular and Oval Tables and Six Standard Chairs Save Price Fire Sense Propane Table Top Patio Heater, Old World Bronze Save Money Affordable Prices on Fire Sense Propane Table Top Patio Heater, Old World Bronze See Lowest Price Here Discount Fire Sense Propane Table Top Patio Heater, Old World Bronze from Besellers Cheap Price !! Promotions Cyber Monday Deals For Buy Fire Sense Propane Table Top Patio Heater, Old World Bronze . This store is the best place to buy cheap Fire Sense Propane Table Top Patio Heater, Old World Bronze. If you want to purchase Fire Sense Propane Table Top Patio Heater, Old World Bronze in the great price, click on Order Now button or click on Compare Best Price button to see special offers and read more customer reviews. Your order will be delivered within 5-8 business days and FREE with Super Saver Shipping For Order More 25usd . Hurry Up !! This price promotion is time limited. Order the best price from this page. read more Fire Sense Propane Table Top Patio Heater, Old World Bronze description Perfect for outdoor entertaining, our Old World Bronze Finish Table Top Patio Heater provides warmth while adding ambience to any outdoor table top setting. This handsome unit raises the outdoor temperature 10-25 degrees. The safety features of this CSA approved unit include an auto shut off tilt valve and an oxygen depletion sensor. 10,000 BTU output. HOT ITEM LIKE THIS TEND TO SELL OUT VERY QUICKLY Puts out 10,000 BTU s for plenty of warmth at the picnic table Piezo electronic ignition for easy starts every time, years to come Stainless steel burners and heating grid for optimal durability Reflector hood directs and enhances heat output; grill guard for safety Measures 13 by 21 by 35 inches; weighs 14.3 pounds for optimal stability Best Buy Cheap on Fire Sense Propane Table Top Patio Heater, Old World Bronze. Cool Saving Prices on Fire Sense Propane Table Top Patio Heater, Old World Bronze Sale In Stock Now. Enjoy Savings on Fire Sense Propane Table Top Patio Heater, Old World Bronze . Purchase Online Special Offer & FAST Shipping Today Helpful Information for Customer Reviews to see what people talking about this product Title 4 36 Relate keywords garden patio table,lawn patio table,plant patio table,flower patio table,landscape patio table,park patio table,garden patio table sets,garden patio table chairs,garden patio table huge range,garden patio table teak,garden patio table discount,garden picnic table,garden bistro table,garden home depot,garden target,garden lowes Comments Tags Bronze , Bronze Heater , Heater , Heater Propane , Propane Comments are closed. Recent Posts Fire Sense Propane Table Top Patio Heater, Old World Bronze Save Money Veranda Elite 55-089-031501-00 Patio Table and Chair Set Cover For Medium Rectangular and Oval Tables and Six Standard Chairs Save Price Hearth & Garden Patio Chair Cover Save Price Suncast Patio Storage Box, 103 Gallon Save Price Coaster Garden Plant / Phone Stand Corner Table, Black Wrought Iron Best Offer Promotion Veranda Elite 55-088-041501-00 Patio Table and Chair Set Cover For Large Round Tables and Six Standard Chairs Save Price with Promotion Today Deluxe Rectangular Table & Chair Set Cover Save Money Tags 5508804150100 5508903150100 Bronze Bronze Heater Chairs Chairs Tables Coaster Coaster Garden Corner Deluxe Deluxe Rectangular Gallon Garden Garden Hearth Hearth Hearth Garden Heater Heater Propane Medium Promotion Promotion Table Propane Rectangular Rectangular Deluxe Standard Standard Tables Standard Veranda Storage Storage Gallon Suncast Table Tables Veranda Veranda Tables Wrought Powered by WordPress and Created for Garden Patio Table | Deck Furniture Sale http //gardenpatiotable.deckfurnituresale.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com Web Toolbar by Wibiya')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01058', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Garden Patio Table Fire Sense Propane Table Top Patio Heater, Old World Bronze Save Money Strathwood St. Thomas Rectangular Table Cheapest Prices Find Deals on Strathwood St. Thomas Rectangular Table See Lowest Price Here Discount Strathwood St. Thomas Rectangular Table on Sale Best Value !! See Lowest Price Here Promotions For Cyber Monday Deals Strathwood St. Thomas Rectangular Table . This store is the best place to buy cheap Strathwood St. Thomas Rectangular Table. If you want to purchase Strathwood St. Thomas Rectangular Table in the great price, click on Order Now button or click on Compare Best Price button to see special offers and read more customer reviews. Your order will be delivered within 5-8 business days and FREE with Super Saver Shipping For Order More 25usd . Hurry Up !! This price promotion is time limited. Order the best price from this page. read more Strathwood St. Thomas Rectangular Table description HOT ITEM LIKE THIS TEND TO SELL OUT VERY QUICKLY The Strathwood St. Thomas all-weather dining table includes a 2-inch umbrella hole in the center Made of durable, lightweight, rust-resistant cast aluminum; easy assembly Scrolling vine motif in dark-brown finish with bronze highlights and silver flecks Part of coordinating St. Thomas dining collection; matching chairs and accessories sold separately Table measures 72 inches long by 42-1/2 inches wide by 28-1/2 inches high Best Buy Cheap on Strathwood St. Thomas Rectangular Table. Best Value for Strathwood St. Thomas Rectangular Table Sale In Stock Now. Affordable Prices on Strathwood St. Thomas Rectangular Table . Purchase Online Special Offer & FAST Shipping Today Helpful Information for Customer Reviews to see what people talking about this product Title 4 17 Relate keywords garden patio table,lawn patio table,plant patio table,flower patio table,landscape patio table,park patio table,garden patio table sets,garden patio table chairs,garden patio table huge range,garden patio table teak,garden patio table discount,garden picnic table,garden bistro table,garden home depot,garden target,garden lowes Comments Tags Cheapest , Cheapest Prices , Prices , Prices Thomas , Rectangular , Strathwood , Thomas Comments are closed. Recent Posts Strathwood St. Thomas Rectangular Table Cheapest Prices Fire Sense Propane Table Top Patio Heater, Old World Bronze Save Money Veranda Elite 55-089-031501-00 Patio Table and Chair Set Cover For Medium Rectangular and Oval Tables and Six Standard Chairs Save Price Hearth & Garden Patio Chair Cover Save Price Suncast Patio Storage Box, 103 Gallon Save Price Coaster Garden Plant / Phone Stand Corner Table, Black Wrought Iron Best Offer Promotion Veranda Elite 55-088-041501-00 Patio Table and Chair Set Cover For Large Round Tables and Six Standard Chairs Save Price with Promotion Today Deluxe Rectangular Table & Chair Set Cover Save Money Tags 5508804150100 5508903150100 Bronze Bronze Heater Chairs Chairs Tables Cheapest Cheapest Prices Coaster Coaster Garden Corner Deluxe Deluxe Rectangular Gallon Garden Garden Hearth Hearth Hearth Garden Heater Heater Propane Medium Prices Prices Thomas Promotion Promotion Table Propane Rectangular Rectangular Deluxe Standard Standard Tables Standard Veranda Storage Storage Gallon Strathwood Suncast Table Tables Thomas Veranda Veranda Tables Wrought Powered by WordPress and Created for Garden Patio Table | Deck Furniture Sale http //gardenpatiotable.deckfurnituresale.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com Web Toolbar by Wibiya')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01059', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Garden Patio Table Deluxe Rectangular Table & Chair Set Cover Save Money Coaster Garden Plant / Phone Stand Corner Table, Black Wrought Iron Best Offer Promotion Veranda Elite 55-088-041501-00 Patio Table and Chair Set Cover For Large Round Tables and Six Standard Chairs Save Price with Promotion Today Find and Compare prices on Veranda Elite 55-088-041501-00 Patio Table and Chair Set Cover For Large Round Tables and Six Standard Chairs See Lowest Price Here Cheap Veranda Elite 55-088-041501-00 Patio Table and Chair Set Cover For Large Round Tables and Six Standard Chairs on Sale Discount Now !! See Lowest Price Black Friday Deals For Cheap Veranda Elite 55-088-041501-00 Patio Table and Chair Set Cover For Large Round Tables and Six Standard Chairs . This store is the best place to buy cheap Veranda Elite 55-088-041501-00 Patio Table and Chair Set Cover For Large Round Tables and Six Standard Chairs. If you want to purchase Veranda Elite 55-088-041501-00 Patio Table and Chair Set Cover For Large Round Tables and Six Standard Chairs in the great price, click on Order Now button or click on Compare Best Price button to see special offers and read more customer reviews. Your order will be delivered within 5-8 business days and FREE with Super Saver Shipping For Order More 25usd . Hurry Up !! This price promotion is time limited. Order the best price from this page. read more Veranda Elite 55-088-041501-00 Patio Table and Chair Set Cover For Large Round Tables and Six Standard Chairs description The Veranda Elite Collection Patio Table and Chair Set Cover by Classic Accessories features a debossed fabric pattern that adds texture and design to our heavyweight woven polyester fabric system. A protective water repellent surface and water resistant undercoating won t crack in cold weather. Tough seams add strength and durability and air vents reduce inside condensation and wind lofting. This cover has padded handles for easy fitting and removal and an elastic hem cord with a toggle allowing adjustment for a tight and custom fit. Click close straps snap over the legs to secure the cover on the windiest days. Three year limited warranty for workmanship and materials. Not designed to entirely cover the wheels or leg bottoms. HOT ITEM LIKE THIS TEND TO SELL OUT VERY QUICKLY Heavy duty protection Uv protection Won t crack in the cold Adjustable hem cord Three year limited warranty for workmanship and materials Great Prices for Veranda Elite 55-088-041501-00 Patio Table and Chair Set Cover For Large Round Tables and Six Standard Chairs. Save Price for Selections of Veranda Elite 55-088-041501-00 Patio Table and Chair Set Cover For Large Round Tables and Six Standard Chairs Sale In Stock Now. Affordable Prices on Veranda Elite 55-088-041501-00 Patio Table and Chair Set Cover For Large Round Tables and Six Standard Chairs . Purchase Online Special Offer & FAST Shipping Today Helpful Information for Customer Reviews to see what people talking about this product Title 4 22 Relate keywords garden patio table,lawn patio table,plant patio table,flower patio table,landscape patio table,park patio table,garden patio table sets,garden patio table chairs,garden patio table huge range,garden patio table teak,garden patio table discount,garden picnic table,garden bistro table,garden home depot,garden target,garden lowes Comments Tags 5508804150100 , Chairs , Chairs Tables , Promotion , Standard , Standard Veranda , Tables , Veranda Comments are closed. Recent Posts Strathwood St. Thomas Rectangular Table Cheapest Prices Fire Sense Propane Table Top Patio Heater, Old World Bronze Save Money Veranda Elite 55-089-031501-00 Patio Table and Chair Set Cover For Medium Rectangular and Oval Tables and Six Standard Chairs Save Price Hearth & Garden Patio Chair Cover Save Price Suncast Patio Storage Box, 103 Gallon Save Price Coaster Garden Plant / Phone Stand Corner Table, Black Wrought Iron Best Offer Promotion Veranda Elite 55-088-041501-00 Patio Table and Chair Set Cover For Large Round Tables and Six Standard Chairs Save Price with Promotion Today Deluxe Rectangular Table & Chair Set Cover Save Money Tags 5508804150100 5508903150100 Bronze Bronze Heater Chairs Chairs Tables Cheapest Cheapest Prices Coaster Coaster Garden Corner Deluxe Deluxe Rectangular Gallon Garden Garden Hearth Hearth Hearth Garden Heater Heater Propane Medium Prices Prices Thomas Promotion Promotion Table Propane Rectangular Rectangular Deluxe Standard Standard Tables Standard Veranda Storage Storage Gallon Strathwood Suncast Table Tables Thomas Veranda Veranda Tables Wrought Powered by WordPress and Created for Garden Patio Table | Deck Furniture Sale http //gardenpatiotable.deckfurnituresale.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com Web Toolbar by Wibiya')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01060', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Garden Patio Table Hearth & Garden Patio Chair Cover Save Price Fire Sense Propane Table Top Patio Heater, Old World Bronze Save Money Veranda Elite 55-089-031501-00 Patio Table and Chair Set Cover For Medium Rectangular and Oval Tables and Six Standard Chairs Save Price Shop for Veranda Elite 55-089-031501-00 Patio Table and Chair Set Cover For Medium Rectangular and Oval Tables and Six Standard Chairs See Lowest Price Here Discount Veranda Elite 55-089-031501-00 Patio Table and Chair Set Cover For Medium Rectangular and Oval Tables and Six Standard Chairs Today Discount Today !! See Lowest Price Here Promotions For Cyber Monday Deals Veranda Elite 55-089-031501-00 Patio Table and Chair Set Cover For Medium Rectangular and Oval Tables and Six Standard Chairs . This store is the best place to buy cheap Veranda Elite 55-089-031501-00 Patio Table and Chair Set Cover For Medium Rectangular and Oval Tables and Six Standard Chairs. If you want to purchase Veranda Elite 55-089-031501-00 Patio Table and Chair Set Cover For Medium Rectangular and Oval Tables and Six Standard Chairs in the great price, click on Order Now button or click on Compare Best Price button to see special offers and read more customer reviews. Your order will be delivered within 5-8 business days and FREE with Super Saver Shipping For Order More 25usd . Hurry Up !! This price promotion is time limited. Order the best price from this page. read more Veranda Elite 55-089-031501-00 Patio Table and Chair Set Cover For Medium Rectangular and Oval Tables and Six Standard Chairs description The Veranda Elite Collection Patio Table and Chair Set Cover by Classic Accessories features a debossed fabric pattern that adds texture and design to our heavyweight woven polyester fabric system. A protective water repellent surface and water resistant undercoating won t crack in cold weather. Tough seams add strength and durability and air vents reduce inside condensation and wind lofting. This cover has padded handles for easy fitting and removal and an elastic hem cord with a toggle allowing adjustment for a tight and custom fit. Click close straps snap over the legs to secure the cover on the windiest days. Three year limited warranty for workmanship and materials. Not designed to entirely cover the wheels or leg bottoms. HOT ITEM LIKE THIS TEND TO SELL OUT VERY QUICKLY Heavy duty protection Uv protection Won t crack in the cold Adjustable hem cord Three year limited warranty for workmanship and materials Best Price Online on Veranda Elite 55-089-031501-00 Patio Table and Chair Set Cover For Medium Rectangular and Oval Tables and Six Standard Chairs. Deep Discounts on Veranda Elite 55-089-031501-00 Patio Table and Chair Set Cover For Medium Rectangular and Oval Tables and Six Standard Chairs Sale In Stock Now. Cool Savings on Veranda Elite 55-089-031501-00 Patio Table and Chair Set Cover For Medium Rectangular and Oval Tables and Six Standard Chairs . Purchase Online Special Offer & FAST Shipping Today Helpful Information for Customer Reviews to see what people talking about this product Title 4 24 Relate keywords garden patio table,lawn patio table,plant patio table,flower patio table,landscape patio table,park patio table,garden patio table sets,garden patio table chairs,garden patio table huge range,garden patio table teak,garden patio table discount,garden picnic table,garden bistro table,garden home depot,garden target,garden lowes Comments Tags 5508903150100 , Chairs , Medium , Rectangular , Standard , Standard Tables , Tables , Veranda , Veranda Tables Comments are closed. Recent Posts Strathwood St. Thomas Rectangular Table Cheapest Prices Fire Sense Propane Table Top Patio Heater, Old World Bronze Save Money Veranda Elite 55-089-031501-00 Patio Table and Chair Set Cover For Medium Rectangular and Oval Tables and Six Standard Chairs Save Price Hearth & Garden Patio Chair Cover Save Price Suncast Patio Storage Box, 103 Gallon Save Price Coaster Garden Plant / Phone Stand Corner Table, Black Wrought Iron Best Offer Promotion Veranda Elite 55-088-041501-00 Patio Table and Chair Set Cover For Large Round Tables and Six Standard Chairs Save Price with Promotion Today Deluxe Rectangular Table & Chair Set Cover Save Money Tags 5508804150100 5508903150100 Bronze Bronze Heater Chairs Chairs Tables Cheapest Cheapest Prices Coaster Coaster Garden Corner Deluxe Deluxe Rectangular Gallon Garden Garden Hearth Hearth Hearth Garden Heater Heater Propane Medium Prices Prices Thomas Promotion Promotion Table Propane Rectangular Rectangular Deluxe Standard Standard Tables Standard Veranda Storage Storage Gallon Strathwood Suncast Table Tables Thomas Veranda Veranda Tables Wrought Powered by WordPress and Created for Garden Patio Table | Deck Furniture Sale http //gardenpatiotable.deckfurnituresale.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com Web Toolbar by Wibiya')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01062', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Gathering Tables Sets Lenox Everyday Gatherings 10-Inch Cake Server to Buy And Save Lenox Everyday Gatherings 10-Inch Cake Server cheap price Lenox Everyday Gatherings 10-Inch Cake Server Hot Deals Are you seeking for Lenox Everyday Gatherings 10-Inch Cake Server Yes, We have Lenox Everyday Gatherings 10-Inch Cake Server in cheap price now. You can best buy Lenox Everyday Gatherings 10-Inch Cake Server in stock at cheap price now. Secure check out and fast shipping to you just a few moment at cheap price!! read more Read the rest of this entry The Gathering House Pub Table Set Hot Deals The Gathering House Pub Table Set unbelievable The Gathering House Pub Table Set to Enjoy Savings Are you searching for The Gathering House Pub Table Set Yes, We have The Gathering House Pub Table Set in unbelievable online now. You can order The Gathering House Pub Table Set in stock at unbelievable online now. Secure check out and fast delivery to you just a few moment at unbelievable!! read more Read the rest of this entry American Drew 124-744R-Cnt-Din-Set Carriage Place Gathering Table Set at Reduced Prices American Drew 124-744R-Cnt-Din-Set Carriage Place Gathering Table Set bargain price American Drew 124-744R-Cnt-Din-Set Carriage Place Gathering Table Set at Unbelievable Prices Are you seeking for American Drew 124-744R-Cnt-Din-Set Carriage Place Gathering Table Set Yes, We have American Drew 124-744R-Cnt-Din-Set Carriage Place Gathering Table Set in bargain price online here. You can order American Drew 124-744R-Cnt-Din-Set Carriage Place Gathering Table Set in stock at bargain price online here. Secure check out and fast shipping to you just a few moment at bargain price!! read more Read the rest of this entry Gathering Table Set in Weathered Gray on Great Deals Gathering Table Set in Weathered Gray lowest price Gathering Table Set in Weathered Gray Deals on Selection Are you seeking for Gathering Table Set in Weathered Gray Yes, We have Gathering Table Set in Weathered Gray in lowest price online now. You can order Gathering Table Set in Weathered Gray in stock at lowest price online now. Secure check out and fast service to you just a few moment at lowest price!! read more Read the rest of this entry Coaster Hyde Oval Counter Height Dining Table in Rich Dark Cappuccino to Enjoy Savings Coaster Hyde Oval Counter Height Dining Table in Rich Dark Cappuccino great price Coaster Hyde Oval Counter Height Dining Table in Rich Dark Cappuccino For Savings Are you seeking for Coaster Hyde Oval Counter Height Dining Table in Rich Dark Cappuccino Yes, We have Coaster Hyde Oval Counter Height Dining Table in Rich Dark Cappuccino in great price here. You can order Coaster Hyde Oval Counter Height Dining Table in Rich Dark Cappuccino in stock at great price here. Secure check out and fast shipping to you just a few moment at great price!! read more Read the rest of this entry Intercon Roanoke 7 Piece Gathering Table Set RN-TA-5454G-BLK-BSE-TOP-4_BS-725W-K24 on Quick shipping Intercon Roanoke 7 Piece Gathering Table Set RN-TA-5454G-BLK-BSE-TOP-4_BS-725W-K24 bargain price Intercon Roanoke 7 Piece Gathering Table Set RN-TA-5454G-BLK-BSE-TOP-4_BS-725W-K24 to Compare Prices And Save Are you looking for Intercon Roanoke 7 Piece Gathering Table Set RN-TA-5454G-BLK-BSE-TOP-4_BS-725W-K24 Yes, We have Intercon Roanoke 7 Piece Gathering Table Set RN-TA-5454G-BLK-BSE-TOP-4_BS-725W-K24 in bargain price here. You can buy Intercon Roanoke 7 Piece Gathering Table Set RN-TA-5454G-BLK-BSE-TOP-4_BS-725W-K24 in stock at bargain price here. Secure check out and fast shipping to you just a few moment at bargain price!! read more Read the rest of this entry 7 PC Hempstead Dark Cherry Gathering Table Set at Lowest Prices 7 PC Hempstead Dark Cherry Gathering Table Set bargain price 7 PC Hempstead Dark Cherry Gathering Table Set For Bestselling Are you finding for 7 PC Hempstead Dark Cherry Gathering Table Set Yes, We have 7 PC Hempstead Dark Cherry Gathering Table Set in bargain price today. You can purchase 7 PC Hempstead Dark Cherry Gathering Table Set in stock at bargain price today. Secure check out and fast shipping to you just a few moment at bargain price!! read more Read the rest of this entry 5pcs Contemporary Espresso Counter Height Gathering Table Set For Shopping Deals 5pcs Contemporary Espresso Counter Height Gathering Table Set affordable price 5pcs Contemporary Espresso Counter Height Gathering Table Set on Sales Are you searching for 5pcs Contemporary Espresso Counter Height Gathering Table Set Yes, We have 5pcs Contemporary Espresso Counter Height Gathering Table Set in affordable price now. You can purchase 5pcs Contemporary Espresso Counter Height Gathering Table Set in stock at affordable price now. Secure check out and fast shipping to you just a few moment at affordable price!! read more Read the rest of this entry 5pcs Promenade Counter Height Gathering Table Set on Sales 5pcs Promenade Counter Height Gathering Table Set super low price 5pcs Promenade Counter Height Gathering Table Set For Best Price Are you seeking for 5pcs Promenade Counter Height Gathering Table Set Yes, We have 5pcs Promenade Counter Height Gathering Table Set in super low price online today. You can buy 5pcs Promenade Counter Height Gathering Table Set in stock at super low price online today. Secure check out and fast shipping to you just a few moment at super low price!! read more Read the rest of this entry Recent Posts Lenox Everyday Gatherings 10-Inch Cake Server to Buy And Save The Gathering House Pub Table Set Hot Deals American Drew 124-744R-Cnt-Din-Set Carriage Place Gathering Table Set at Reduced Prices Gathering Table Set in Weathered Gray on Great Deals Coaster Hyde Oval Counter Height Dining Table in Rich Dark Cappuccino to Enjoy Savings Intercon Roanoke 7 Piece Gathering Table Set RN-TA-5454G-BLK-BSE-TOP-4_BS-725W-K24 on Quick shipping 7 PC Hempstead Dark Cherry Gathering Table Set at Lowest Prices 5pcs Contemporary Espresso Counter Height Gathering Table Set For Shopping Deals 5pcs Promenade Counter Height Gathering Table Set on Sales Tags Counter Counter Gathering Counter Height Gathering Height Prices Promenade Powered by WordPress and Created for Gathering Tables Sets | Patio Table Store http //gatheringtablessets.patiotablestore.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com Web Toolbar by Wibiya')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01063', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Gathering Tables Sets 5pcs Promenade Counter Height Gathering Table Set on Sales 7 PC Hempstead Dark Cherry Gathering Table Set at Lowest Prices 5pcs Contemporary Espresso Counter Height Gathering Table Set For Shopping Deals 5pcs Contemporary Espresso Counter Height Gathering Table Set affordable price 5pcs Contemporary Espresso Counter Height Gathering Table Set on Sales Are you searching for 5pcs Contemporary Espresso Counter Height Gathering Table Set Yes, We have 5pcs Contemporary Espresso Counter Height Gathering Table Set in affordable price now. You can purchase 5pcs Contemporary Espresso Counter Height Gathering Table Set in stock at affordable price now. Secure check out and fast shipping to you just a few moment at affordable price!! read more 5pcs Contemporary Espresso Counter Height Gathering Table Set description You will receive a total of 1 counter height table and 4 counter height chairs.. Table Dimension 48 Dia 36 H Counter Height Chair Dimension 24 Seat Height Finish Espresso Material Wood and Fabric 5pcs Tommy Espresso Counter Height Gathering Table Set Table features open shelf and drawer for storage Chair seats are crafted in a beautiful sandy brown fabric material. This elegant dining table set will complement the most sophisticated to casual decor. Simple assembly required. Price List $1,099.99 Click to Check Update Prices Today Where to Buy Cheapest Prices 5pcs Contemporary Espresso Counter Height Gathering Table Set Shop 48 Dia 36 H Dining and Kitchen Dining and Kitchen->Dining Room Sets->Counter Height Dining Some assembly may be required. Please see product details. Big Deal with 5pcs Contemporary Espresso Counter Height Gathering Table Set. Big Saving Prices on 5pcs Contemporary Espresso Counter Height Gathering Table Set Sale In Stock Now. Affordable Prices on 5pcs Contemporary Espresso Counter Height Gathering Table Set . Purchase Online Special Offer & FREE Shipping Today Helpful Information for Customer Reviews to see what people talking about this product Title 4 25 Relate keywords gathering tables sets,gathering tables dining sets,gathering tables sets kitchen furniture,gathering tables sets pub,tables piece gathering table set,gathering tables sets dinettes,gathering tables bedding,gathering tables accessories,gathering tables kits,gathering tables covers,gathering tables collection,counter height tables sets,ashley furniture sets,ikea sets,gathering tables equipment,ebay sets Comments Comments are closed. Recent Posts Lenox Everyday Gatherings 10-Inch Cake Server to Buy And Save The Gathering House Pub Table Set Hot Deals American Drew 124-744R-Cnt-Din-Set Carriage Place Gathering Table Set at Reduced Prices Gathering Table Set in Weathered Gray on Great Deals Coaster Hyde Oval Counter Height Dining Table in Rich Dark Cappuccino to Enjoy Savings Intercon Roanoke 7 Piece Gathering Table Set RN-TA-5454G-BLK-BSE-TOP-4_BS-725W-K24 on Quick shipping 7 PC Hempstead Dark Cherry Gathering Table Set at Lowest Prices 5pcs Contemporary Espresso Counter Height Gathering Table Set For Shopping Deals 5pcs Promenade Counter Height Gathering Table Set on Sales Tags Counter Counter Gathering Counter Height Gathering Height Prices Promenade Powered by WordPress and Created for Gathering Tables Sets | Patio Table Store http //gatheringtablessets.patiotablestore.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com Web Toolbar by Wibiya')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01064', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Gathering Tables Sets 5pcs Contemporary Espresso Counter Height Gathering Table Set For Shopping Deals 5pcs Promenade Counter Height Gathering Table Set on Sales 5pcs Promenade Counter Height Gathering Table Set super low price 5pcs Promenade Counter Height Gathering Table Set For Best Price Are you seeking for 5pcs Promenade Counter Height Gathering Table Set Yes, We have 5pcs Promenade Counter Height Gathering Table Set in super low price online today. You can buy 5pcs Promenade Counter Height Gathering Table Set in stock at super low price online today. Secure check out and fast shipping to you just a few moment at super low price!! read more 5pcs Promenade Counter Height Gathering Table Set description You will receive a total of 1 counter height table and 4 counter height chairs.. Table Dimension 42 W 42 D 35 H Counter Height Chair Dimension 24 Seat Height Finish Oak and Black Material Wood 5pcs Promenade Counter Height Gathering Table Set This elegant dining table set will complement the most sophisticated to casual decor. Simple assembly required. Price List $629.99 Please Click to Check Update Price Where to Big Save 5pcs Promenade Counter Height Gathering Table Set Shop Some assembly may be required. Please see product details. Best Price Online on 5pcs Promenade Counter Height Gathering Table Set. Cool Saving Prices on 5pcs Promenade Counter Height Gathering Table Set Sale In Stock Now. Unbelievable Prices on 5pcs Promenade Counter Height Gathering Table Set . Purchase Online Special Offer & FREE Shipping Today Helpful Information for Customer Reviews to see what people talking about this product Title 4 40 Relate keywords gathering tables sets,gathering tables dining sets,gathering tables sets kitchen furniture,gathering tables sets pub,tables piece gathering table set,gathering tables sets dinettes,gathering tables bedding,gathering tables accessories,gathering tables kits,gathering tables covers,gathering tables collection,counter height tables sets,ashley furniture sets,ikea sets,gathering tables equipment,ebay sets Comments Comments are closed. Recent Posts Lenox Everyday Gatherings 10-Inch Cake Server to Buy And Save The Gathering House Pub Table Set Hot Deals American Drew 124-744R-Cnt-Din-Set Carriage Place Gathering Table Set at Reduced Prices Gathering Table Set in Weathered Gray on Great Deals Coaster Hyde Oval Counter Height Dining Table in Rich Dark Cappuccino to Enjoy Savings Intercon Roanoke 7 Piece Gathering Table Set RN-TA-5454G-BLK-BSE-TOP-4_BS-725W-K24 on Quick shipping 7 PC Hempstead Dark Cherry Gathering Table Set at Lowest Prices 5pcs Contemporary Espresso Counter Height Gathering Table Set For Shopping Deals 5pcs Promenade Counter Height Gathering Table Set on Sales Tags Counter Counter Gathering Counter Height Gathering Height Prices Promenade Powered by WordPress and Created for Gathering Tables Sets | Patio Table Store http //gatheringtablessets.patiotablestore.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com Web Toolbar by Wibiya')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01065', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Gathering Tables Sets Gathering Table Set in Weathered Gray on Great Deals The Gathering House Pub Table Set Hot Deals American Drew 124-744R-Cnt-Din-Set Carriage Place Gathering Table Set at Reduced Prices American Drew 124-744R-Cnt-Din-Set Carriage Place Gathering Table Set bargain price American Drew 124-744R-Cnt-Din-Set Carriage Place Gathering Table Set at Unbelievable Prices Are you seeking for American Drew 124-744R-Cnt-Din-Set Carriage Place Gathering Table Set Yes, We have American Drew 124-744R-Cnt-Din-Set Carriage Place Gathering Table Set in bargain price online here. You can order American Drew 124-744R-Cnt-Din-Set Carriage Place Gathering Table Set in stock at bargain price online here. Secure check out and fast shipping to you just a few moment at bargain price!! read more American Drew 124-744R-Cnt-Din-Set Carriage Place Gathering Table Set description Carriage Place Gathering Table Set by American Drew 124-744R-Cnt-Din-Set. Finish Dark Tobacco. Please refer to the Specifications to determine what items are included since sometimes the image shows more or less items. If you are not sure, please contact us and our customer service will be glad to help. Price List Click to Check Update Prices Today Where to Compare Prices And Save Big American Drew 124-744R-Cnt-Din-Set Carriage Place Gathering Table Set Shop Online Big Deal with American Drew 124-744R-Cnt-Din-Set Carriage Place Gathering Table Set. Deep Discounts on American Drew 124-744R-Cnt-Din-Set Carriage Place Gathering Table Set Sale In Stock Now. Affordable Prices on American Drew 124-744R-Cnt-Din-Set Carriage Place Gathering Table Set . Purchase Online Special Offer & FREE Shipping Today Helpful Information for Customer Reviews to see what people talking about this product Title 4 34 Relate keywords gathering tables sets,gathering tables dining sets,gathering tables sets kitchen furniture,gathering tables sets pub,tables piece gathering table set,gathering tables sets dinettes,gathering tables bedding,gathering tables accessories,gathering tables kits,gathering tables covers,gathering tables collection,counter height tables sets,ashley furniture sets,ikea sets,gathering tables equipment,ebay sets Comments Comments are closed. Recent Posts Lenox Everyday Gatherings 10-Inch Cake Server to Buy And Save The Gathering House Pub Table Set Hot Deals American Drew 124-744R-Cnt-Din-Set Carriage Place Gathering Table Set at Reduced Prices Gathering Table Set in Weathered Gray on Great Deals Coaster Hyde Oval Counter Height Dining Table in Rich Dark Cappuccino to Enjoy Savings Intercon Roanoke 7 Piece Gathering Table Set RN-TA-5454G-BLK-BSE-TOP-4_BS-725W-K24 on Quick shipping 7 PC Hempstead Dark Cherry Gathering Table Set at Lowest Prices 5pcs Contemporary Espresso Counter Height Gathering Table Set For Shopping Deals 5pcs Promenade Counter Height Gathering Table Set on Sales Tags Counter Counter Gathering Counter Height Gathering Height Prices Promenade Powered by WordPress and Created for Gathering Tables Sets | Patio Table Store http //gatheringtablessets.patiotablestore.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com Web Toolbar by Wibiya')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01066', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Gathering Tables Sets The Gathering House Pub Table Set Hot Deals Lenox Everyday Gatherings 10-Inch Cake Server to Buy And Save Lenox Everyday Gatherings 10-Inch Cake Server cheap price Lenox Everyday Gatherings 10-Inch Cake Server Hot Deals Are you seeking for Lenox Everyday Gatherings 10-Inch Cake Server Yes, We have Lenox Everyday Gatherings 10-Inch Cake Server in cheap price now. You can best buy Lenox Everyday Gatherings 10-Inch Cake Server in stock at cheap price now. Secure check out and fast shipping to you just a few moment at cheap price!! read more Lenox Everyday Gatherings 10-Inch Cake Server description Lenox Everyday Gatherings Cake Server. The glass bead handle of this server is as luscious as the cake it s designed to serve. Matching cake knife also available. Price List $20.00 Please Click to Check Update Price Where to Buy And Save Big Lenox Everyday Gatherings 10-Inch Cake Server Store Beaded glass handle cake server Blade crafted of tarnish-resistant 18/10 stainless steel. Glass bead handle Glass bead handle Hand wash only 10-Inch in length Big Deal with Lenox Everyday Gatherings 10-Inch Cake Server. Cool Saving Prices on Lenox Everyday Gatherings 10-Inch Cake Server Sale In Stock Now. Super Low Prices on Lenox Everyday Gatherings 10-Inch Cake Server . Purchase Online Special Offer & FREE Shipping Today Helpful Information for Customer Reviews to see what people talking about this product Title 4 36 Relate keywords gathering tables sets,gathering tables dining sets,gathering tables sets kitchen furniture,gathering tables sets pub,tables piece gathering table set,gathering tables sets dinettes,gathering tables bedding,gathering tables accessories,gathering tables kits,gathering tables covers,gathering tables collection,counter height tables sets,ashley furniture sets,ikea sets,gathering tables equipment,ebay sets Comments Comments are closed. Recent Posts Lenox Everyday Gatherings 10-Inch Cake Server to Buy And Save The Gathering House Pub Table Set Hot Deals American Drew 124-744R-Cnt-Din-Set Carriage Place Gathering Table Set at Reduced Prices Gathering Table Set in Weathered Gray on Great Deals Coaster Hyde Oval Counter Height Dining Table in Rich Dark Cappuccino to Enjoy Savings Intercon Roanoke 7 Piece Gathering Table Set RN-TA-5454G-BLK-BSE-TOP-4_BS-725W-K24 on Quick shipping 7 PC Hempstead Dark Cherry Gathering Table Set at Lowest Prices 5pcs Contemporary Espresso Counter Height Gathering Table Set For Shopping Deals 5pcs Promenade Counter Height Gathering Table Set on Sales Tags Counter Counter Gathering Counter Height Gathering Height Prices Promenade Powered by WordPress and Created for Gathering Tables Sets | Patio Table Store http //gatheringtablessets.patiotablestore.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com Web Toolbar by Wibiya')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01067', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Gathering Tables Sets American Drew 124-744R-Cnt-Din-Set Carriage Place Gathering Table Set at Reduced Prices Lenox Everyday Gatherings 10-Inch Cake Server to Buy And Save The Gathering House Pub Table Set Hot Deals The Gathering House Pub Table Set unbelievable The Gathering House Pub Table Set to Enjoy Savings Are you searching for The Gathering House Pub Table Set Yes, We have The Gathering House Pub Table Set in unbelievable online now. You can order The Gathering House Pub Table Set in stock at unbelievable online now. Secure check out and fast delivery to you just a few moment at unbelievable!! read more The Gathering House Pub Table Set description A true classic, Gathering House celebrates the marriage between Shaker and contemporary influences with clean lines and eclectic appeal. Solid wood finished in a satin cherry finish becomes truly transitional with a choice of solid wood or polished nickel hardware, giving Gathering House a timeless appeal that will endure for many generations to come. Pub Table Features One 20 Self Storing Butterfly Leaf Pub Stool Features Fabric Revenge Birch This Set Includes 1 Pub Table 4 Pub Stools Price List Click Here to Order It Now While The Stocks Last Where to Lowest Prices The Gathering House Pub Table Set Today Best Buy Cheap on The Gathering House Pub Table Set. Cool Saving Prices on The Gathering House Pub Table Set Sale In Stock Now. Big Save on The Gathering House Pub Table Set . Purchase Online Special Offer & FREE Shipping Today Helpful Information for Customer Reviews to see what people talking about this product Title 4 19 Relate keywords gathering tables sets,gathering tables dining sets,gathering tables sets kitchen furniture,gathering tables sets pub,tables piece gathering table set,gathering tables sets dinettes,gathering tables bedding,gathering tables accessories,gathering tables kits,gathering tables covers,gathering tables collection,counter height tables sets,ashley furniture sets,ikea sets,gathering tables equipment,ebay sets Comments Comments are closed. Recent Posts Lenox Everyday Gatherings 10-Inch Cake Server to Buy And Save The Gathering House Pub Table Set Hot Deals American Drew 124-744R-Cnt-Din-Set Carriage Place Gathering Table Set at Reduced Prices Gathering Table Set in Weathered Gray on Great Deals Coaster Hyde Oval Counter Height Dining Table in Rich Dark Cappuccino to Enjoy Savings Intercon Roanoke 7 Piece Gathering Table Set RN-TA-5454G-BLK-BSE-TOP-4_BS-725W-K24 on Quick shipping 7 PC Hempstead Dark Cherry Gathering Table Set at Lowest Prices 5pcs Contemporary Espresso Counter Height Gathering Table Set For Shopping Deals 5pcs Promenade Counter Height Gathering Table Set on Sales Tags Counter Counter Gathering Counter Height Gathering Height Prices Promenade Powered by WordPress and Created for Gathering Tables Sets | Patio Table Store http //gatheringtablessets.patiotablestore.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com Web Toolbar by Wibiya')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01069', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Outdoor Bbq Island Grills BBQ built-in grill cover up to 36 to Enjoy Savings BBQ built-in grill cover up to 36 to Buy Cheap Prices BBQ built-in grill cover up to 36 For Sales Everything you need to know on BBQ built-in grill cover up to 36 product. Learn more about BBQ built-in grill cover up to 36 product features, compare similar BBQ built-in grill cover up to 36 products, see reviews and price trends, and find great deals BBQ built-in grill cover up to 36 Shop Online. read more Read the rest of this entry Tags builtin , Savings , Savings builtin Sun 304 Stainless Steel Pull-out Trash Drawer for Build-in Island.-Ship within 24 Hours to Buy Low Price Sun 304 Stainless Steel Pull-out Trash Drawer for Build-in Island.-Ship within 24 Hours to Buy Cheapest Prices Sun 304 Stainless Steel Pull-out Trash Drawer for Build-in Island.-Ship within 24 Hours Shop and Save Everything you need to know on Sun 304 Stainless Steel Pull-out Trash Drawer for Build-in Island.-Ship within 24 Hours product. Learn more about Sun 304 Stainless Steel Pull-out Trash Drawer for Build-in Island.-Ship within 24 Hours product features, compare similar Sun 304 Stainless Steel Pull-out Trash Drawer for Build-in Island.-Ship within 24 Hours products, see reviews and price trends, and find providers of Sun 304 Stainless Steel Pull-out Trash Drawer for Build-in Island.-Ship within 24 Hours Shop Online. read more Read the rest of this entry Tags Buildin , Drawer , IslandShip , Pullout , Pullout within , Stainless , within , within Drawer Bull Outdoor Products BBQ 47628 Angus 75,000 BTU Grill Head Liquid Propane to Special Prices Bull Outdoor Products BBQ 47628 Angus 75,000 BTU Grill Head Liquid Propane to Buy Lowest Prices Bull Outdoor Products BBQ 47628 Angus 75,000 BTU Grill Head Liquid Propane on Deals Everything you need to know on Bull Outdoor Products BBQ 47628 Angus 75,000 BTU Grill Head Liquid Propane product. Read more about Bull Outdoor Products BBQ 47628 Angus 75,000 BTU Grill Head Liquid Propane product features, compare similar Bull Outdoor Products BBQ 47628 Angus 75,000 BTU Grill Head Liquid Propane products, see reviews and price trends, and find the hot bestsellers Bull Outdoor Products BBQ 47628 Angus 75,000 BTU Grill Head Liquid Propane Shop Online. read more Read the rest of this entry Tags 75000 , Liquid , Liquid 75000 , Outdoor , Prices , Products , Propane , Propane Special , Special Bull Outdoor Products 56985 Double Drawer, Stainless Steel to Deep Discounts Bull Outdoor Products 56985 Double Drawer, Stainless Steel to Compare Prices Bull Outdoor Products 56985 Double Drawer, Stainless Steel to Buy And Save Everything you need to know on Bull Outdoor Products 56985 Double Drawer, Stainless Steel product. Read more about Bull Outdoor Products 56985 Double Drawer, Stainless Steel product features, compare similar Bull Outdoor Products 56985 Double Drawer, Stainless Steel products, see reviews and price trends, and find the reccommend products Bull Outdoor Products 56985 Double Drawer, Stainless Steel Shop Online. read more Read the rest of this entry Tags Discounts , Double , Double Outdoor , Drawer , Drawer Outdoor , Outdoor , Products , Stainless Sun 17 Premium BBQ Stainless 304 Steel Single Access Drawer- Ship in 24 hours to Low Prices Sun 17 Premium BBQ Stainless 304 Steel Single Access Drawer- Ship in 24 hours to Compare Prices Sun 17 Premium BBQ Stainless 304 Steel Single Access Drawer- Ship in 24 hours at Crazy Price Everything you need to know on Sun 17 Premium BBQ Stainless 304 Steel Single Access Drawer- Ship in 24 hours product. Read more about Sun 17 Premium BBQ Stainless 304 Steel Single Access Drawer- Ship in 24 hours product features, compare similar Sun 17 Premium BBQ Stainless 304 Steel Single Access Drawer- Ship in 24 hours products, see reviews and price trends, and find the best products Sun 17 Premium BBQ Stainless 304 Steel Single Access Drawer- Ship in 24 hours Shop Online. read more Read the rest of this entry Tags Access , Drawer , Drawer Stainless , Premium , Premium Prices , Prices , Single , Stainless Bull Outdoor Products Stainless Steel Door with Lock and Key to Special Prices Bull Outdoor Products Stainless Steel Door with Lock and Key to Enjoy Savings Bull Outdoor Products Stainless Steel Door with Lock and Key Hot Price Everything you need to know on Bull Outdoor Products Stainless Steel Door with Lock and Key product. See more about Bull Outdoor Products Stainless Steel Door with Lock and Key product features, compare similar Bull Outdoor Products Stainless Steel Door with Lock and Key products, see reviews and price trends, and find the new promotions Bull Outdoor Products Stainless Steel Door with Lock and Key Shop Online. read more Read the rest of this entry Tags Outdoor , Prices , Prices Stainless , Products , Products Special , Special , Stainless Char-Broil 26,500 BTU 2-Burner Gas Grill, 280 Square Inch to Compare Great Prices Char-Broil 26,500 BTU 2-Burner Gas Grill, 280 Square Inch to Special Prices Char-Broil 26,500 BTU 2-Burner Gas Grill, 280 Square Inch to Low Prices Everything you need to know on Char-Broil 26,500 BTU 2-Burner Gas Grill, 280 Square Inch product. Search more about Char-Broil 26,500 BTU 2-Burner Gas Grill, 280 Square Inch product features, compare similar Char-Broil 26,500 BTU 2-Burner Gas Grill, 280 Square Inch products, see reviews and price trends, and find the new products Char-Broil 26,500 BTU 2-Burner Gas Grill, 280 Square Inch Shop Online. read more Read the rest of this entry Tags 26500 , 2Burner , CharBroil , CharBroil 26500 , Compare , Grill , Grill CharBroil , Prices , Square Recent Posts BBQ built-in grill cover up to 36 to Enjoy Savings Sun 304 Stainless Steel Pull-out Trash Drawer for Build-in Island.-Ship within 24 Hours to Buy Low Price Bull Outdoor Products BBQ 47628 Angus 75,000 BTU Grill Head Liquid Propane to Special Prices Bull Outdoor Products 56985 Double Drawer, Stainless Steel to Deep Discounts Sun 17 Premium BBQ Stainless 304 Steel Single Access Drawer- Ship in 24 hours to Low Prices Bull Outdoor Products Stainless Steel Door with Lock and Key to Special Prices Char-Broil 26,500 BTU 2-Burner Gas Grill, 280 Square Inch to Compare Great Prices Tags 26500 CharBroil Drawer Grill Outdoor Prices Products Special Square Stainless Powered by WordPress and Created for Outdoor Bbq Island Grills | Gas Barbecue Sale http //outdoorbbqislandgrills.gasbarbecuesale.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com Web Toolbar by Wibiya')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01070', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Outdoor Bbq Island Grills Sun 304 Stainless Steel Pull-out Trash Drawer for Build-in Island.-Ship within 24 Hours to Buy Low Price BBQ built-in grill cover up to 36 to Enjoy Savings BBQ built-in grill cover up to 36 to Buy Cheap Prices BBQ built-in grill cover up to 36 For Sales Everything you need to know on BBQ built-in grill cover up to 36 product. Learn more about BBQ built-in grill cover up to 36 product features, compare similar BBQ built-in grill cover up to 36 products, see reviews and price trends, and find great deals BBQ built-in grill cover up to 36 Shop Online. read more Full weather protection for BBQ built-in Grill up to 36 Long, for Island style Sand color Heavy gauge 600 Denier polyester fabric with PVC coated and water repellent treatment on top. High heat resistant cover, UV protection and resists cold cracking. Measures 36 L x 30 Depth x 16 H Buy Lowest Sale Price from Here! Special Price ! BBQ built-in Grill cover fits up to 36 width Heavy Gauge 600 D polyester with PVC coated water repellent top High heat resistant cover, UV protection and resists cold cracking Size 36 L x 30 Depth x 16 H, Air Vent and Velcro tight down. Caution Let your grill cool before you put your cover on. I have tried to find information for BBQ built-in grill cover up to 36 on the Internet. There are a lot cheapest as well. You can order a BBQ built-in grill cover up to 36 in the best reduced price of the web site, Amazon, you will not hesitate a moment. HOT ITEM LIKE THIS TEND TO SELL OUT VERY QUICKLY title 4 23 Relate keywords outdoor bbq island grills,camping bbq island grills,patio bbq island grills,garden bbq island grills,swimming bbq island grills,free bbq island grills,outdoor grills,outdoor outdoor kitchen grills,outdoor costco grills,outdoor home depot grills,outdoor cal flame grills,outdoor bbq island grylls,outdoor bbq island smokers,outdoor bbq island accessories,outdoor bbq island pits,outdoor bbq island covers,outdoor bbq galore grills,outdoor bbq island grill parts,adventure bbq island grills,outdoor bbq island grill reviews,public bbq island grills, Comments Tags builtin , Savings , Savings builtin Comments are closed. Recent Posts BBQ built-in grill cover up to 36 to Enjoy Savings Sun 304 Stainless Steel Pull-out Trash Drawer for Build-in Island.-Ship within 24 Hours to Buy Low Price Bull Outdoor Products BBQ 47628 Angus 75,000 BTU Grill Head Liquid Propane to Special Prices Bull Outdoor Products 56985 Double Drawer, Stainless Steel to Deep Discounts Sun 17 Premium BBQ Stainless 304 Steel Single Access Drawer- Ship in 24 hours to Low Prices Bull Outdoor Products Stainless Steel Door with Lock and Key to Special Prices Char-Broil 26,500 BTU 2-Burner Gas Grill, 280 Square Inch to Compare Great Prices Tags 26500 CharBroil Drawer Grill Outdoor Prices Products Special Square Stainless Powered by WordPress and Created for Outdoor Bbq Island Grills | Gas Barbecue Sale http //outdoorbbqislandgrills.gasbarbecuesale.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com Web Toolbar by Wibiya')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01071', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Outdoor Bbq Island Grills Bull Outdoor Products 56985 Double Drawer, Stainless Steel to Deep Discounts Sun 304 Stainless Steel Pull-out Trash Drawer for Build-in Island.-Ship within 24 Hours to Buy Low Price Bull Outdoor Products BBQ 47628 Angus 75,000 BTU Grill Head Liquid Propane to Special Prices Bull Outdoor Products BBQ 47628 Angus 75,000 BTU Grill Head Liquid Propane to Buy Lowest Prices Bull Outdoor Products BBQ 47628 Angus 75,000 BTU Grill Head Liquid Propane on Deals Everything you need to know on Bull Outdoor Products BBQ 47628 Angus 75,000 BTU Grill Head Liquid Propane product. Read more about Bull Outdoor Products BBQ 47628 Angus 75,000 BTU Grill Head Liquid Propane product features, compare similar Bull Outdoor Products BBQ 47628 Angus 75,000 BTU Grill Head Liquid Propane products, see reviews and price trends, and find the hot bestsellers Bull Outdoor Products BBQ 47628 Angus 75,000 BTU Grill Head Liquid Propane Shop Online. read more Designed for use in outdoor grill islands, the Bull Angus Drop-In Grill is full of power and features to make your outdoor cooking experiences sizzle. Measuring 30L by 23W by 21H inches, this grill offers a generous cooking surface with a total of 810 square inches 600 square-inch cooking area, 210 square-inch warming rack . Plus, this grill boasts a sleek stainless steel design that will give your grill island and patio area a stunning update. Features include, 16 gauge 304 Brushed Stainless Steel construction. 4 Stainless Steel burners with 15,000 BTU s for a total of 60,000 BTU s, Infrared back burner with 15,000 BTU s. Piezo igniters on every valve, Zinc knobs, Heavy-Duty thermometer built into lid. Stainless Steel Cooking grates, Rotisserie and warming rack, Twin lighting system. Cut out dimensions 31-Inch by 20-1/2-Inch by 10-Inch. Buy Lowest Sale Price from Here! Special Price ! Dual-lined roll-top hood with seamless welded edges Hose and regulator included with LP models Full-length stainless steel handle CSA-certified 16-Gauge, 304 brushed stainless steel construction, Twin Lights I have tried to find information for Bull Outdoor Products BBQ 47628 Angus 75,000 BTU Grill Head Liquid Propane on the Internet. There are a lot reduced price as well. You can purchase a Bull Outdoor Products BBQ 47628 Angus 75,000 BTU Grill Head Liquid Propane in the best best price of the web site, Amazon, you will not hesitate a moment. HOT ITEM LIKE THIS TEND TO SELL OUT VERY QUICKLY title 4 37 Relate keywords outdoor bbq island grills,camping bbq island grills,patio bbq island grills,garden bbq island grills,swimming bbq island grills,free bbq island grills,outdoor grills,outdoor outdoor kitchen grills,outdoor costco grills,outdoor home depot grills,outdoor cal flame grills,outdoor bbq island grylls,outdoor bbq island smokers,outdoor bbq island accessories,outdoor bbq island pits,outdoor bbq island covers,outdoor bbq galore grills,outdoor bbq island grill parts,adventure bbq island grills,outdoor bbq island grill reviews,public bbq island grills, Comments Tags 75000 , Liquid , Liquid 75000 , Outdoor , Prices , Products , Propane , Propane Special , Special Comments are closed. Recent Posts BBQ built-in grill cover up to 36 to Enjoy Savings Sun 304 Stainless Steel Pull-out Trash Drawer for Build-in Island.-Ship within 24 Hours to Buy Low Price Bull Outdoor Products BBQ 47628 Angus 75,000 BTU Grill Head Liquid Propane to Special Prices Bull Outdoor Products 56985 Double Drawer, Stainless Steel to Deep Discounts Sun 17 Premium BBQ Stainless 304 Steel Single Access Drawer- Ship in 24 hours to Low Prices Bull Outdoor Products Stainless Steel Door with Lock and Key to Special Prices Char-Broil 26,500 BTU 2-Burner Gas Grill, 280 Square Inch to Compare Great Prices Tags 26500 CharBroil Drawer Grill Outdoor Prices Products Special Square Stainless Powered by WordPress and Created for Outdoor Bbq Island Grills | Gas Barbecue Sale http //outdoorbbqislandgrills.gasbarbecuesale.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com Web Toolbar by Wibiya')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01072', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Outdoor Bbq Island Grills Char-Broil 26,500 BTU 2-Burner Gas Grill, 280 Square Inch to Compare Great Prices Sun 17 Premium BBQ Stainless 304 Steel Single Access Drawer- Ship in 24 hours to Low Prices Bull Outdoor Products Stainless Steel Door with Lock and Key to Special Prices Bull Outdoor Products Stainless Steel Door with Lock and Key to Enjoy Savings Bull Outdoor Products Stainless Steel Door with Lock and Key Hot Price Everything you need to know on Bull Outdoor Products Stainless Steel Door with Lock and Key product. See more about Bull Outdoor Products Stainless Steel Door with Lock and Key product features, compare similar Bull Outdoor Products Stainless Steel Door with Lock and Key products, see reviews and price trends, and find the new promotions Bull Outdoor Products Stainless Steel Door with Lock and Key Shop Online. read more The Bull stainless steel single horizontal door comes with a lock and key. Measures 25-1/2-inch long and 18-1/4 high and 1-1/2 deep, weighs 16-pound. Cut-out dimensions are 23-inch by 15-inch by 1-1/2 inch. Buy Lowest Sale Price from Here! Special Price ! Durable stainless steel construction Designed for integration with outdoor grill islands I have tried to find information for Bull Outdoor Products Stainless Steel Door with Lock and Key on the Internet. There are a lot discount price as well. You can best buy a Bull Outdoor Products Stainless Steel Door with Lock and Key in the best cheapest price of the web site, Amazon, you will not hesitate a moment. HOT ITEM LIKE THIS TEND TO SELL OUT VERY QUICKLY title 4 15 Relate keywords outdoor bbq island grills,camping bbq island grills,patio bbq island grills,garden bbq island grills,swimming bbq island grills,free bbq island grills,outdoor grills,outdoor outdoor kitchen grills,outdoor costco grills,outdoor home depot grills,outdoor cal flame grills,outdoor bbq island grylls,outdoor bbq island smokers,outdoor bbq island accessories,outdoor bbq island pits,outdoor bbq island covers,outdoor bbq galore grills,outdoor bbq island grill parts,adventure bbq island grills,outdoor bbq island grill reviews,public bbq island grills, Comments Tags Outdoor , Prices , Prices Stainless , Products , Products Special , Special , Stainless Comments are closed. Recent Posts BBQ built-in grill cover up to 36 to Enjoy Savings Sun 304 Stainless Steel Pull-out Trash Drawer for Build-in Island.-Ship within 24 Hours to Buy Low Price Bull Outdoor Products BBQ 47628 Angus 75,000 BTU Grill Head Liquid Propane to Special Prices Bull Outdoor Products 56985 Double Drawer, Stainless Steel to Deep Discounts Sun 17 Premium BBQ Stainless 304 Steel Single Access Drawer- Ship in 24 hours to Low Prices Bull Outdoor Products Stainless Steel Door with Lock and Key to Special Prices Char-Broil 26,500 BTU 2-Burner Gas Grill, 280 Square Inch to Compare Great Prices Tags 26500 CharBroil Drawer Grill Outdoor Prices Products Special Square Stainless Powered by WordPress and Created for Outdoor Bbq Island Grills | Gas Barbecue Sale http //outdoorbbqislandgrills.gasbarbecuesale.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com Web Toolbar by Wibiya')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01073', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Outdoor Bbq Island Grills Bull Outdoor Products Stainless Steel Door with Lock and Key to Special Prices Char-Broil 26,500 BTU 2-Burner Gas Grill, 280 Square Inch to Compare Great Prices Char-Broil 26,500 BTU 2-Burner Gas Grill, 280 Square Inch to Special Prices Char-Broil 26,500 BTU 2-Burner Gas Grill, 280 Square Inch to Low Prices Everything you need to know on Char-Broil 26,500 BTU 2-Burner Gas Grill, 280 Square Inch product. Search more about Char-Broil 26,500 BTU 2-Burner Gas Grill, 280 Square Inch product features, compare similar Char-Broil 26,500 BTU 2-Burner Gas Grill, 280 Square Inch products, see reviews and price trends, and find the new products Char-Broil 26,500 BTU 2-Burner Gas Grill, 280 Square Inch Shop Online. read more This grill features 2 burners that deliver 26,500 BTUs of heat and 280-Square Inch cooking surface to accommodate large meals. The side shelves provide extra work space and 6-Inch wheels allow you to move the grill easily. Buy Lowest Sale Price from Here! Special Price ! 26-1/2 BTU main burner 280 Square Inch wire primary cooking area Durable porcelain steel lid and firebox Piezo push button ignition Full from panel and 6-Inch wheels I have tried to find information for Char-Broil 26,500 BTU 2-Burner Gas Grill, 280 Square Inch on the Internet. There are a lot cool saving price as well. You can best buy a Char-Broil 26,500 BTU 2-Burner Gas Grill, 280 Square Inch in the best cheap price of the web site, Amazon, you will not hesitate a moment. HOT ITEM LIKE THIS TEND TO SELL OUT VERY QUICKLY title 4 25 Relate keywords outdoor bbq island grills,camping bbq island grills,patio bbq island grills,garden bbq island grills,swimming bbq island grills,free bbq island grills,outdoor grills,outdoor outdoor kitchen grills,outdoor costco grills,outdoor home depot grills,outdoor cal flame grills,outdoor bbq island grylls,outdoor bbq island smokers,outdoor bbq island accessories,outdoor bbq island pits,outdoor bbq island covers,outdoor bbq galore grills,outdoor bbq island grill parts,adventure bbq island grills,outdoor bbq island grill reviews,public bbq island grills, Comments Tags 26500 , 2Burner , CharBroil , CharBroil 26500 , Compare , Grill , Grill CharBroil , Prices , Square Comments are closed. Recent Posts BBQ built-in grill cover up to 36 to Enjoy Savings Sun 304 Stainless Steel Pull-out Trash Drawer for Build-in Island.-Ship within 24 Hours to Buy Low Price Bull Outdoor Products BBQ 47628 Angus 75,000 BTU Grill Head Liquid Propane to Special Prices Bull Outdoor Products 56985 Double Drawer, Stainless Steel to Deep Discounts Sun 17 Premium BBQ Stainless 304 Steel Single Access Drawer- Ship in 24 hours to Low Prices Bull Outdoor Products Stainless Steel Door with Lock and Key to Special Prices Char-Broil 26,500 BTU 2-Burner Gas Grill, 280 Square Inch to Compare Great Prices Tags 26500 CharBroil Drawer Grill Outdoor Prices Products Special Square Stainless Powered by WordPress and Created for Outdoor Bbq Island Grills | Gas Barbecue Sale http //outdoorbbqislandgrills.gasbarbecuesale.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com Web Toolbar by Wibiya')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01074', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Outdoor Bbq Island Grills Bull Outdoor Products BBQ 47628 Angus 75,000 BTU Grill Head Liquid Propane to Special Prices BBQ built-in grill cover up to 36 to Enjoy Savings Sun 304 Stainless Steel Pull-out Trash Drawer for Build-in Island.-Ship within 24 Hours to Buy Low Price Sun 304 Stainless Steel Pull-out Trash Drawer for Build-in Island.-Ship within 24 Hours to Buy Cheapest Prices Sun 304 Stainless Steel Pull-out Trash Drawer for Build-in Island.-Ship within 24 Hours Shop and Save Everything you need to know on Sun 304 Stainless Steel Pull-out Trash Drawer for Build-in Island.-Ship within 24 Hours product. Learn more about Sun 304 Stainless Steel Pull-out Trash Drawer for Build-in Island.-Ship within 24 Hours product features, compare similar Sun 304 Stainless Steel Pull-out Trash Drawer for Build-in Island.-Ship within 24 Hours products, see reviews and price trends, and find providers of Sun 304 Stainless Steel Pull-out Trash Drawer for Build-in Island.-Ship within 24 Hours Shop Online. read more 304 stainless constructions securely fasten a trash bag to the convenient push-down O-Ring, or to put a standard trash container. Optionally remove the punch out on top of the trash drawer enclosure for use with your custom trash shute 16 Gauge 304 Stainless Steel for Frame & Panel, 20 Gauge 201 Stainless Steel for box. handle is made of Zinc Alloy, Chrome Plated. Buy Lowest Sale Price from Here! Special Price ! 304 Stainless Steel 20 W x 16-1/8 D x 27 H Product Size 17-7/8 W x 16-1/2 D x 24-3/8 H Cut-out 40 LBS Net Weight I have tried to find information for Sun 304 Stainless Steel Pull-out Trash Drawer for Build-in Island.-Ship within 24 Hours on the Internet. There are a lot reduced price as well. You can best buy a Sun 304 Stainless Steel Pull-out Trash Drawer for Build-in Island.-Ship within 24 Hours in the best reduced price of the web site, Amazon, you will not hesitate a moment. HOT ITEM LIKE THIS TEND TO SELL OUT VERY QUICKLY title 4 40 Relate keywords outdoor bbq island grills,camping bbq island grills,patio bbq island grills,garden bbq island grills,swimming bbq island grills,free bbq island grills,outdoor grills,outdoor outdoor kitchen grills,outdoor costco grills,outdoor home depot grills,outdoor cal flame grills,outdoor bbq island grylls,outdoor bbq island smokers,outdoor bbq island accessories,outdoor bbq island pits,outdoor bbq island covers,outdoor bbq galore grills,outdoor bbq island grill parts,adventure bbq island grills,outdoor bbq island grill reviews,public bbq island grills, Comments Tags Buildin , Drawer , IslandShip , Pullout , Pullout within , Stainless , within , within Drawer Comments are closed. Recent Posts BBQ built-in grill cover up to 36 to Enjoy Savings Sun 304 Stainless Steel Pull-out Trash Drawer for Build-in Island.-Ship within 24 Hours to Buy Low Price Bull Outdoor Products BBQ 47628 Angus 75,000 BTU Grill Head Liquid Propane to Special Prices Bull Outdoor Products 56985 Double Drawer, Stainless Steel to Deep Discounts Sun 17 Premium BBQ Stainless 304 Steel Single Access Drawer- Ship in 24 hours to Low Prices Bull Outdoor Products Stainless Steel Door with Lock and Key to Special Prices Char-Broil 26,500 BTU 2-Burner Gas Grill, 280 Square Inch to Compare Great Prices Tags 26500 CharBroil Drawer Grill Outdoor Prices Products Special Square Stainless Powered by WordPress and Created for Outdoor Bbq Island Grills | Gas Barbecue Sale http //outdoorbbqislandgrills.gasbarbecuesale.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com Web Toolbar by Wibiya')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01076', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Outdoor Couch Cover Metro Brown Wicker Sofa Chair Cover to Deep Discounts Metro Brown Wicker Sofa Chair Cover to Discount Metro Brown Wicker Sofa Chair Cover Deals Everything you need to know on Metro Brown Wicker Sofa Chair Cover product. Find more about Metro Brown Wicker Sofa Chair Cover product features, compare similar Metro Brown Wicker Sofa Chair Cover products, see reviews and price trends, and find providers of Metro Brown Wicker Sofa Chair Cover Shop Online. read more Read the rest of this entry Tags Discounts , Wicker , Wicker Discounts Blow up Inflatable Furniture Full Sized 6 Inflatable Sofa Couch to Enjoy Savings And Selection Blow up Inflatable Furniture Full Sized 6 Inflatable Sofa Couch to Deep Discounts Blow up Inflatable Furniture Full Sized 6 Inflatable Sofa Couch For Best Price online Everything you need to know on Blow up Inflatable Furniture Full Sized 6 Inflatable Sofa Couch product. See more about Blow up Inflatable Furniture Full Sized 6 Inflatable Sofa Couch product features, compare similar Blow up Inflatable Furniture Full Sized 6 Inflatable Sofa Couch products, see reviews and price trends, and find and compare prices Blow up Inflatable Furniture Full Sized 6 Inflatable Sofa Couch Shop Online. read more Read the rest of this entry Tags Furniture , Furniture Inflatable , Inflatable , Inflatable Furniture , Savings , Selection Protective Covers 1358 Weatherproof Outdoor Furniture Cover, 80-inch x 30-inch to Discount Protective Covers 1358 Weatherproof Outdoor Furniture Cover, 80-inch x 30-inch to Buy Cheapest Prices Protective Covers 1358 Weatherproof Outdoor Furniture Cover, 80-inch x 30-inch to Big Save Everything you need to know on Protective Covers 1358 Weatherproof Outdoor Furniture Cover, 80-inch x 30-inch product. See more about Protective Covers 1358 Weatherproof Outdoor Furniture Cover, 80-inch x 30-inch product features, compare similar Protective Covers 1358 Weatherproof Outdoor Furniture Cover, 80-inch x 30-inch products, see reviews and price trends, and find the promotions Protective Covers 1358 Weatherproof Outdoor Furniture Cover, 80-inch x 30-inch Shop Online. read more Read the rest of this entry Tags 30inch , 30inch 80inch , 80inch , Cover , Covers , Discount , Furniture , Furniture Protective , Outdoor , Protective , Weatherproof Protective Covers 1125 Weatherproof Cover for 2-Seat Wicker/Rattan Outdoor Sofa, Regular to Deep Discounts Protective Covers 1125 Weatherproof Cover for 2-Seat Wicker/Rattan Outdoor Sofa, Regular to Enjoy Big Savings Protective Covers 1125 Weatherproof Cover for 2-Seat Wicker/Rattan Outdoor Sofa, Regular For Save selections Everything you need to know on Protective Covers 1125 Weatherproof Cover for 2-Seat Wicker/Rattan Outdoor Sofa, Regular product. See more about Protective Covers 1125 Weatherproof Cover for 2-Seat Wicker/Rattan Outdoor Sofa, Regular product features, compare similar Protective Covers 1125 Weatherproof Cover for 2-Seat Wicker/Rattan Outdoor Sofa, Regular products, see reviews and price trends, and find discount Protective Covers 1125 Weatherproof Cover for 2-Seat Wicker/Rattan Outdoor Sofa, Regular Shop Online. read more Read the rest of this entry Tags 2Seat , 2Seat Outdoor , Covers , Covers WickerRattan , Discounts , Outdoor , Protective , Regular , Weatherproof , WickerRattan 22 22 15 Oz Polyester Throw Pillow Insert-Fit for 18 -20 Pillow Cover to Compare Prices And Save Big 22 22 15 Oz Polyester Throw Pillow Insert-Fit for 18 -20 Pillow Cover to Buy Cheapest Prices 22 22 15 Oz Polyester Throw Pillow Insert-Fit for 18 -20 Pillow Cover For Great Prices Everything you need to know on 22 22 15 Oz Polyester Throw Pillow Insert-Fit for 18 -20 Pillow Cover product. Learn more about 22 22 15 Oz Polyester Throw Pillow Insert-Fit for 18 -20 Pillow Cover product features, compare similar 22 22 15 Oz Polyester Throw Pillow Insert-Fit for 18 -20 Pillow Cover products, see reviews and price trends, and find the best values 22 22 15 Oz Polyester Throw Pillow Insert-Fit for 18 -20 Pillow Cover Shop Online. read more Read the rest of this entry Tags 1820 , Compare , InsertFit , Pillow , Pillow InsertFit , Polyester , Polyester 1820 , Prices Brylane Home Chair, outside arm to outside arm width of 32 -43 . to Enjoy Savings And Selection Brylane Home Chair, outside arm to outside arm width of 32 -43 . to Buy Cheapest Prices Brylane Home Chair, outside arm to outside arm width of 32 -43 . For Save Huge Everything you need to know on Brylane Home Chair, outside arm to outside arm width of 32 -43 . product. Search more about Brylane Home Chair, outside arm to outside arm width of 32 -43 . product features, compare similar Brylane Home Chair, outside arm to outside arm width of 32 -43 . products, see reviews and price trends, and find the reccommend products Brylane Home Chair, outside arm to outside arm width of 32 -43 . Shop Online. read more Read the rest of this entry Tags 3243 , Brylane , Brylane 3243 , Chair , outside , outside Savings , Savings , Selection Protective Covers 1127 Weatherproof Cover for 3-Seat Wicker/Rattan Sofa, Regular to Big Save Protective Covers 1127 Weatherproof Cover for 3-Seat Wicker/Rattan Sofa, Regular to Enjoy Savings And Selection Protective Covers 1127 Weatherproof Cover for 3-Seat Wicker/Rattan Sofa, Regular For Best Price online Everything you need to know on Protective Covers 1127 Weatherproof Cover for 3-Seat Wicker/Rattan Sofa, Regular product. Read more about Protective Covers 1127 Weatherproof Cover for 3-Seat Wicker/Rattan Sofa, Regular product features, compare similar Protective Covers 1127 Weatherproof Cover for 3-Seat Wicker/Rattan Sofa, Regular products, see reviews and price trends, and find great deals Protective Covers 1127 Weatherproof Cover for 3-Seat Wicker/Rattan Sofa, Regular Shop Online. read more Read the rest of this entry Tags 3Seat , Covers , Protective , Regular , Regular Covers , Weatherproof , Weatherproof Covers , WickerRattan Recent Posts Metro Brown Wicker Sofa Chair Cover to Deep Discounts Blow up Inflatable Furniture Full Sized 6 Inflatable Sofa Couch to Enjoy Savings And Selection Protective Covers 1358 Weatherproof Outdoor Furniture Cover, 80-inch x 30-inch to Discount Protective Covers 1125 Weatherproof Cover for 2-Seat Wicker/Rattan Outdoor Sofa, Regular to Deep Discounts 22 22 15 Oz Polyester Throw Pillow Insert-Fit for 18 -20 Pillow Cover to Compare Prices And Save Big Brylane Home Chair, outside arm to outside arm width of 32 -43 . to Enjoy Savings And Selection Protective Covers 1127 Weatherproof Cover for 3-Seat Wicker/Rattan Sofa, Regular to Big Save Tags 2Seat 2Seat Outdoor 3Seat 30inch 30inch 80inch 80inch 1820 3243 Brylane Brylane 3243 Chair Compare Cover Covers Covers WickerRattan Discount Discounts Furniture Furniture Inflatable Furniture Protective Inflatable Inflatable Furniture InsertFit Outdoor outside outside Savings Pillow Pillow InsertFit Polyester Polyester 1820 Prices Protective Regular Regular Covers Savings Selection Weatherproof Weatherproof Covers Wicker Wicker Discounts WickerRattan Powered by WordPress and Created for Outdoor Couch Cover | Deck Furniture Sale http //outdoorcouchcover.deckfurnituresale.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com Web Toolbar by Wibiya')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01077', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Outdoor Couch Cover Protective Covers 1358 Weatherproof Outdoor Furniture Cover, 80-inch x 30-inch to Discount Metro Brown Wicker Sofa Chair Cover to Deep Discounts Blow up Inflatable Furniture Full Sized 6 Inflatable Sofa Couch to Enjoy Savings And Selection Blow up Inflatable Furniture Full Sized 6 Inflatable Sofa Couch to Deep Discounts Blow up Inflatable Furniture Full Sized 6 Inflatable Sofa Couch For Best Price online Everything you need to know on Blow up Inflatable Furniture Full Sized 6 Inflatable Sofa Couch product. See more about Blow up Inflatable Furniture Full Sized 6 Inflatable Sofa Couch product features, compare similar Blow up Inflatable Furniture Full Sized 6 Inflatable Sofa Couch products, see reviews and price trends, and find and compare prices Blow up Inflatable Furniture Full Sized 6 Inflatable Sofa Couch Shop Online. read more This great inflatable sofa is perfect to fill any area with a comfortable look every one will love. This new sofa is a huge 6 long and seats 3 people comfortably. It is so big an adult can sleep on it! With a low rise back and 3 but bumps this Inflatable Sofa will be your favorite seat in the house. Great for dorm rooms and play rooms! This Inflatable Sofa is fun for the whole family. It easily inflates in minutes and stays full with air with no need to refill. Makes a great permanent fixture or it can be easily deflated for temporary use and compact storage. Buy Lowest Sale Price from Here! Special Price ! 6 foot long inflatable Sofa couch fun furniture! Bright blue Teens love it! Save time and money for Blow up Inflatable Furniture Full Sized 6 Inflatable Sofa Couch. order Blow up Inflatable Furniture Full Sized 6 Inflatable Sofa Couch item from a hot promotions. You can also review products and compare prices for order Blow up Inflatable Furniture Full Sized 6 Inflatable Sofa Couch now listings below. Click Here to Check Price Now! Before Time Expires and Sold Out!! Fast Shipping to You Just a Few Moment in Affordable Price title 4 34 Relate keywords outdoor couch cover,outdoor furniture cover,outdoor sofa cover,outdoor slipcover,outdoor sofa slipcover,cover shop,outdoor patio sofa covers,outdoor coach cover,outdoor sectional cover,outdoor bed cover,outdoor chair cover,camping couch cover,garden couch cover,swimming couch cover,free couch cover,adventure couch cover,outdoor couch case,outdoor couch lyrics,outdoor couch accessories,outdoor couch artwork,outdoor couch parts,cover shop,outdoor slip covers,ebay cover,home depot cover,walmart cover Comments Tags Furniture , Furniture Inflatable , Inflatable , Inflatable Furniture , Savings , Selection Comments are closed. Recent Posts Metro Brown Wicker Sofa Chair Cover to Deep Discounts Blow up Inflatable Furniture Full Sized 6 Inflatable Sofa Couch to Enjoy Savings And Selection Protective Covers 1358 Weatherproof Outdoor Furniture Cover, 80-inch x 30-inch to Discount Protective Covers 1125 Weatherproof Cover for 2-Seat Wicker/Rattan Outdoor Sofa, Regular to Deep Discounts 22 22 15 Oz Polyester Throw Pillow Insert-Fit for 18 -20 Pillow Cover to Compare Prices And Save Big Brylane Home Chair, outside arm to outside arm width of 32 -43 . to Enjoy Savings And Selection Protective Covers 1127 Weatherproof Cover for 3-Seat Wicker/Rattan Sofa, Regular to Big Save Tags 2Seat 2Seat Outdoor 3Seat 30inch 30inch 80inch 80inch 1820 3243 Brylane Brylane 3243 Chair Compare Cover Covers Covers WickerRattan Discount Discounts Furniture Furniture Inflatable Furniture Protective Inflatable Inflatable Furniture InsertFit Outdoor outside outside Savings Pillow Pillow InsertFit Polyester Polyester 1820 Prices Protective Regular Regular Covers Savings Selection Weatherproof Weatherproof Covers Wicker Wicker Discounts WickerRattan Powered by WordPress and Created for Outdoor Couch Cover | Deck Furniture Sale http //outdoorcouchcover.deckfurnituresale.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com Web Toolbar by Wibiya')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01078', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Outdoor Couch Cover Protective Covers 1127 Weatherproof Cover for 3-Seat Wicker/Rattan Sofa, Regular to Big Save 22 22 15 Oz Polyester Throw Pillow Insert-Fit for 18 -20 Pillow Cover to Compare Prices And Save Big Brylane Home Chair, outside arm to outside arm width of 32 -43 . to Enjoy Savings And Selection Brylane Home Chair, outside arm to outside arm width of 32 -43 . to Buy Cheapest Prices Brylane Home Chair, outside arm to outside arm width of 32 -43 . For Save Huge Everything you need to know on Brylane Home Chair, outside arm to outside arm width of 32 -43 . product. Search more about Brylane Home Chair, outside arm to outside arm width of 32 -43 . product features, compare similar Brylane Home Chair, outside arm to outside arm width of 32 -43 . products, see reviews and price trends, and find the reccommend products Brylane Home Chair, outside arm to outside arm width of 32 -43 . Shop Online. read more Form-fitting stretch diamond slipcovers instantly give an upholstered look to your furniture-for a fraction of the price. Plush, inviting texture feels great. Polyester/spandex. Machine wash. Imported. Buy Lowest Sale Price from Here! Special Price ! Save time and money for Brylane Home Chair, outside arm to outside arm width of 32 -43 .. purchase Brylane Home Chair, outside arm to outside arm width of 32 -43 . item from a new releases. You can also review products and compare prices for purchase Brylane Home Chair, outside arm to outside arm width of 32 -43 . now listings below. Click Here to Check Price Now! Before Time Expires and Sold Out!! Fast Shipping to You Just a Few Moment in Incredible Price title 4 20 Relate keywords outdoor couch cover,outdoor furniture cover,outdoor sofa cover,outdoor slipcover,outdoor sofa slipcover,cover shop,outdoor patio sofa covers,outdoor coach cover,outdoor sectional cover,outdoor bed cover,outdoor chair cover,camping couch cover,garden couch cover,swimming couch cover,free couch cover,adventure couch cover,outdoor couch case,outdoor couch lyrics,outdoor couch accessories,outdoor couch artwork,outdoor couch parts,cover shop,outdoor slip covers,ebay cover,home depot cover,walmart cover Comments Tags 3243 , Brylane , Brylane 3243 , Chair , outside , outside Savings , Savings , Selection Comments are closed. Recent Posts Protective Covers 1358 Weatherproof Outdoor Furniture Cover, 80-inch x 30-inch to Discount Protective Covers 1125 Weatherproof Cover for 2-Seat Wicker/Rattan Outdoor Sofa, Regular to Deep Discounts 22 22 15 Oz Polyester Throw Pillow Insert-Fit for 18 -20 Pillow Cover to Compare Prices And Save Big Brylane Home Chair, outside arm to outside arm width of 32 -43 . to Enjoy Savings And Selection Protective Covers 1127 Weatherproof Cover for 3-Seat Wicker/Rattan Sofa, Regular to Big Save Tags 2Seat 2Seat Outdoor 3Seat 30inch 30inch 80inch 80inch 1820 3243 Brylane Brylane 3243 Chair Compare Cover Covers Covers WickerRattan Discount Discounts Furniture Furniture Protective InsertFit Outdoor outside outside Savings Pillow Pillow InsertFit Polyester Polyester 1820 Prices Protective Regular Regular Covers Savings Selection Weatherproof Weatherproof Covers WickerRattan Powered by WordPress and Created for Outdoor Couch Cover | Deck Furniture Sale http //outdoorcouchcover.deckfurnituresale.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com Web Toolbar by Wibiya')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01079', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Outdoor Couch Cover Blow up Inflatable Furniture Full Sized 6 Inflatable Sofa Couch to Enjoy Savings And Selection Metro Brown Wicker Sofa Chair Cover to Deep Discounts Metro Brown Wicker Sofa Chair Cover to Discount Metro Brown Wicker Sofa Chair Cover Deals Everything you need to know on Metro Brown Wicker Sofa Chair Cover product. Find more about Metro Brown Wicker Sofa Chair Cover product features, compare similar Metro Brown Wicker Sofa Chair Cover products, see reviews and price trends, and find providers of Metro Brown Wicker Sofa Chair Cover Shop Online. read more Your outdoor furniture will stay stylish and stunning all year long, even when it s hidden beneath our Wicker Sofa Cover. Sewn from Denier Polyester, it comes in two color patterns that will please even the most discriminating tastes in fashion. Designed to uphold the structural integrity and preserve the beauty of your porch furniture, it is waterproof, UV-resistant, and breathable, to keep air moving and moisture evaporating. Available in three sizes, this attractive cover is the best thing to have draped over your sofa, when you re not. Buy Lowest Sale Price from Here! Special Price ! Free Shipping Regular Overall 36 D x 88 W x 35 H UV Resistant for Keeping Colors Bright Buckle and Tie Straps for Secure Fit Double Stitched Seams for Durability Protected by 2 year limited warranty Save time and money for Metro Brown Wicker Sofa Chair Cover. purchase Metro Brown Wicker Sofa Chair Cover item from a hot products. You can also review products and compare prices for purchase Metro Brown Wicker Sofa Chair Cover now listings below. Click Here to Check Price Now! Before Time Expires and Sold Out!! Fast Shipping to You Just a Few Moment in Affordable Price title 4 34 Relate keywords outdoor couch cover,outdoor furniture cover,outdoor sofa cover,outdoor slipcover,outdoor sofa slipcover,cover shop,outdoor patio sofa covers,outdoor coach cover,outdoor sectional cover,outdoor bed cover,outdoor chair cover,camping couch cover,garden couch cover,swimming couch cover,free couch cover,adventure couch cover,outdoor couch case,outdoor couch lyrics,outdoor couch accessories,outdoor couch artwork,outdoor couch parts,cover shop,outdoor slip covers,ebay cover,home depot cover,walmart cover Comments Tags Discounts , Wicker , Wicker Discounts Comments are closed. Recent Posts Metro Brown Wicker Sofa Chair Cover to Deep Discounts Blow up Inflatable Furniture Full Sized 6 Inflatable Sofa Couch to Enjoy Savings And Selection Protective Covers 1358 Weatherproof Outdoor Furniture Cover, 80-inch x 30-inch to Discount Protective Covers 1125 Weatherproof Cover for 2-Seat Wicker/Rattan Outdoor Sofa, Regular to Deep Discounts 22 22 15 Oz Polyester Throw Pillow Insert-Fit for 18 -20 Pillow Cover to Compare Prices And Save Big Brylane Home Chair, outside arm to outside arm width of 32 -43 . to Enjoy Savings And Selection Protective Covers 1127 Weatherproof Cover for 3-Seat Wicker/Rattan Sofa, Regular to Big Save Tags 2Seat 2Seat Outdoor 3Seat 30inch 30inch 80inch 80inch 1820 3243 Brylane Brylane 3243 Chair Compare Cover Covers Covers WickerRattan Discount Discounts Furniture Furniture Inflatable Furniture Protective Inflatable Inflatable Furniture InsertFit Outdoor outside outside Savings Pillow Pillow InsertFit Polyester Polyester 1820 Prices Protective Regular Regular Covers Savings Selection Weatherproof Weatherproof Covers Wicker Wicker Discounts WickerRattan Powered by WordPress and Created for Outdoor Couch Cover | Deck Furniture Sale http //outdoorcouchcover.deckfurnituresale.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com Web Toolbar by Wibiya')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01080', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Outdoor Couch Cover Brylane Home Chair, outside arm to outside arm width of 32 -43 . to Enjoy Savings And Selection Protective Covers 1127 Weatherproof Cover for 3-Seat Wicker/Rattan Sofa, Regular to Big Save Protective Covers 1127 Weatherproof Cover for 3-Seat Wicker/Rattan Sofa, Regular to Enjoy Savings And Selection Protective Covers 1127 Weatherproof Cover for 3-Seat Wicker/Rattan Sofa, Regular For Best Price online Everything you need to know on Protective Covers 1127 Weatherproof Cover for 3-Seat Wicker/Rattan Sofa, Regular product. Read more about Protective Covers 1127 Weatherproof Cover for 3-Seat Wicker/Rattan Sofa, Regular product features, compare similar Protective Covers 1127 Weatherproof Cover for 3-Seat Wicker/Rattan Sofa, Regular products, see reviews and price trends, and find great deals Protective Covers 1127 Weatherproof Cover for 3-Seat Wicker/Rattan Sofa, Regular Shop Online. read more Made in sizes to fit most wicker / rattan sofas. Features a smart Velcro fastening system where applicable . Covers are waterproof and have been UV treated to last years outdoors. Vinyl is soft and rich to the touch and will add luxury to your patio while protecting your furniture investment. Buy Lowest Sale Price from Here! Special Price ! Weatherproof vinyl cover for outdoor wicker/rattan sofa Velcro drawstring for firm hold even in wind 7-millimeter vinyl shell with fleece backing for durability and scratch resistance UV-treated to withstand sun exposure; won t crack in cold or come off in wind Measures 84 by 35 by 35 inches w x d x h ; 3-year manufacturer warranty Save time and money for Protective Covers 1127 Weatherproof Cover for 3-Seat Wicker/Rattan Sofa, Regular. buy Protective Covers 1127 Weatherproof Cover for 3-Seat Wicker/Rattan Sofa, Regular item from a best products. You can also review products and compare prices for buy Protective Covers 1127 Weatherproof Cover for 3-Seat Wicker/Rattan Sofa, Regular now listings below. Click Here to Check Price Now! Before Time Expires and Sold Out!! Fast Shipping to You Just a Few Moment in Cheap Price title 4 39 Relate keywords outdoor couch cover,outdoor furniture cover,outdoor sofa cover,outdoor slipcover,outdoor sofa slipcover,cover shop,outdoor patio sofa covers,outdoor coach cover,outdoor sectional cover,outdoor bed cover,outdoor chair cover,camping couch cover,garden couch cover,swimming couch cover,free couch cover,adventure couch cover,outdoor couch case,outdoor couch lyrics,outdoor couch accessories,outdoor couch artwork,outdoor couch parts,cover shop,outdoor slip covers,ebay cover,home depot cover,walmart cover Comments Tags 3Seat , Covers , Protective , Regular , Regular Covers , Weatherproof , Weatherproof Covers , WickerRattan Comments are closed. Recent Posts Metro Brown Wicker Sofa Chair Cover to Deep Discounts Blow up Inflatable Furniture Full Sized 6 Inflatable Sofa Couch to Enjoy Savings And Selection Protective Covers 1358 Weatherproof Outdoor Furniture Cover, 80-inch x 30-inch to Discount Protective Covers 1125 Weatherproof Cover for 2-Seat Wicker/Rattan Outdoor Sofa, Regular to Deep Discounts 22 22 15 Oz Polyester Throw Pillow Insert-Fit for 18 -20 Pillow Cover to Compare Prices And Save Big Brylane Home Chair, outside arm to outside arm width of 32 -43 . to Enjoy Savings And Selection Protective Covers 1127 Weatherproof Cover for 3-Seat Wicker/Rattan Sofa, Regular to Big Save Tags 2Seat 2Seat Outdoor 3Seat 30inch 30inch 80inch 80inch 1820 3243 Brylane Brylane 3243 Chair Compare Cover Covers Covers WickerRattan Discount Discounts Furniture Furniture Inflatable Furniture Protective Inflatable Inflatable Furniture InsertFit Outdoor outside outside Savings Pillow Pillow InsertFit Polyester Polyester 1820 Prices Protective Regular Regular Covers Savings Selection Weatherproof Weatherproof Covers Wicker Wicker Discounts WickerRattan Powered by WordPress and Created for Outdoor Couch Cover | Deck Furniture Sale http //outdoorcouchcover.deckfurnituresale.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com Web Toolbar by Wibiya')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01081', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Outdoor Couch Cover Protective Covers 1125 Weatherproof Cover for 2-Seat Wicker/Rattan Outdoor Sofa, Regular to Deep Discounts Blow up Inflatable Furniture Full Sized 6 Inflatable Sofa Couch to Enjoy Savings And Selection Protective Covers 1358 Weatherproof Outdoor Furniture Cover, 80-inch x 30-inch to Discount Protective Covers 1358 Weatherproof Outdoor Furniture Cover, 80-inch x 30-inch to Buy Cheapest Prices Protective Covers 1358 Weatherproof Outdoor Furniture Cover, 80-inch x 30-inch to Big Save Everything you need to know on Protective Covers 1358 Weatherproof Outdoor Furniture Cover, 80-inch x 30-inch product. See more about Protective Covers 1358 Weatherproof Outdoor Furniture Cover, 80-inch x 30-inch product features, compare similar Protective Covers 1358 Weatherproof Outdoor Furniture Cover, 80-inch x 30-inch products, see reviews and price trends, and find the promotions Protective Covers 1358 Weatherproof Outdoor Furniture Cover, 80-inch x 30-inch Shop Online. read more Made in sizes to fit 48 to 54 Round Tables with 4 to 6 standard chairs. Features a smart Velcro fastening system. Also available with an umbrella hole. Covers are waterproof and have been UV treated to last years outdoors. Vinyl is soft and rich to the touch and will add luxury to your patio while protecting your furniture investment. Buy Lowest Sale Price from Here! Special Price ! Weatherproof patio table-and-chair-set cover with Velcro drawstring Fits 48- to 54-inch-diameter round patio table with 4 chairs Designed without hole for umbrella; 7-millimeter vinyl shell UV-treated to withstand sun exposure; won t crack in cold or come off in wind Measures 80 inches in diameter with 30-inch drop; 3-year manufacturer warranty Save time and money for Protective Covers 1358 Weatherproof Outdoor Furniture Cover, 80-inch x 30-inch. purchase Protective Covers 1358 Weatherproof Outdoor Furniture Cover, 80-inch x 30-inch item from a reccommend products. You can also review products and compare prices for purchase Protective Covers 1358 Weatherproof Outdoor Furniture Cover, 80-inch x 30-inch now listings below. Click Here to Check Price Now! Before Time Expires and Sold Out!! Fast Shipping to You Just a Few Moment in Bargain Price title 4 40 Relate keywords outdoor couch cover,outdoor furniture cover,outdoor sofa cover,outdoor slipcover,outdoor sofa slipcover,cover shop,outdoor patio sofa covers,outdoor coach cover,outdoor sectional cover,outdoor bed cover,outdoor chair cover,camping couch cover,garden couch cover,swimming couch cover,free couch cover,adventure couch cover,outdoor couch case,outdoor couch lyrics,outdoor couch accessories,outdoor couch artwork,outdoor couch parts,cover shop,outdoor slip covers,ebay cover,home depot cover,walmart cover Comments Tags 30inch , 30inch 80inch , 80inch , Cover , Covers , Discount , Furniture , Furniture Protective , Outdoor , Protective , Weatherproof Comments are closed. Recent Posts Metro Brown Wicker Sofa Chair Cover to Deep Discounts Blow up Inflatable Furniture Full Sized 6 Inflatable Sofa Couch to Enjoy Savings And Selection Protective Covers 1358 Weatherproof Outdoor Furniture Cover, 80-inch x 30-inch to Discount Protective Covers 1125 Weatherproof Cover for 2-Seat Wicker/Rattan Outdoor Sofa, Regular to Deep Discounts 22 22 15 Oz Polyester Throw Pillow Insert-Fit for 18 -20 Pillow Cover to Compare Prices And Save Big Brylane Home Chair, outside arm to outside arm width of 32 -43 . to Enjoy Savings And Selection Protective Covers 1127 Weatherproof Cover for 3-Seat Wicker/Rattan Sofa, Regular to Big Save Tags 2Seat 2Seat Outdoor 3Seat 30inch 30inch 80inch 80inch 1820 3243 Brylane Brylane 3243 Chair Compare Cover Covers Covers WickerRattan Discount Discounts Furniture Furniture Inflatable Furniture Protective Inflatable Inflatable Furniture InsertFit Outdoor outside outside Savings Pillow Pillow InsertFit Polyester Polyester 1820 Prices Protective Regular Regular Covers Savings Selection Weatherproof Weatherproof Covers Wicker Wicker Discounts WickerRattan Powered by WordPress and Created for Outdoor Couch Cover | Deck Furniture Sale http //outdoorcouchcover.deckfurnituresale.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com Web Toolbar by Wibiya')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01083', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Outdoor Kitchens Accessories Zelco 8101 2nd Degree Indoor & Outdoor Thermometer Black to Low Prices Zelco 8101 2nd Degree Indoor & Outdoor Thermometer Black to Buy Lowest Prices Zelco 8101 2nd Degree Indoor & Outdoor Thermometer Black to Compare Great Prices Everything you need to know on Zelco 8101 2nd Degree Indoor & Outdoor Thermometer Black product. Search more about Zelco 8101 2nd Degree Indoor & Outdoor Thermometer Black product features, compare similar Zelco 8101 2nd Degree Indoor & Outdoor Thermometer Black products, see reviews and price trends, and find the promotions Zelco 8101 2nd Degree Indoor & Outdoor Thermometer Black Shop Online. read more Read the rest of this entry Tags Degree , Indoor , Outdoor , Prices , Prices Thermometer , Thermometer , Thermometer Indoor Conair PTM1 Teak Bath Mat to Buy Cheap Prices Conair PTM1 Teak Bath Mat to Enjoy Savings Conair PTM1 Teak Bath Mat For Super Save Everything you need to know on Conair PTM1 Teak Bath Mat product. Search more about Conair PTM1 Teak Bath Mat product features, compare similar Conair PTM1 Teak Bath Mat products, see reviews and price trends, and find the best products Conair PTM1 Teak Bath Mat Shop Online. read more Read the rest of this entry Tags Conair , Conair Prices , Prices , Prices Conair Classic Accessories Veranda Island Grill Top Cover, Small to Enjoy Savings Classic Accessories Veranda Island Grill Top Cover, Small to Buy And Save Big Classic Accessories Veranda Island Grill Top Cover, Small at Amazing Prices Everything you need to know on Classic Accessories Veranda Island Grill Top Cover, Small product. Find more about Classic Accessories Veranda Island Grill Top Cover, Small product features, compare similar Classic Accessories Veranda Island Grill Top Cover, Small products, see reviews and price trends, and find the best promotions Classic Accessories Veranda Island Grill Top Cover, Small Shop Online. read more Read the rest of this entry Tags Accessories , Classic , Cover , Cover Island , Island , Savings , Veranda , Veranda Island Rome s Set of 9 Forks for Marshmallows and Hot Dogs, Chrome Plated Steel to Lowest Prices Rome s Set of 9 Forks for Marshmallows and Hot Dogs, Chrome Plated Steel to Enjoy Savings Rome s Set of 9 Forks for Marshmallows and Hot Dogs, Chrome Plated Steel at Crazy Low Price Everything you need to know on Rome s Set of 9 Forks for Marshmallows and Hot Dogs, Chrome Plated Steel product. Search more about Rome s Set of 9 Forks for Marshmallows and Hot Dogs, Chrome Plated Steel product features, compare similar Rome s Set of 9 Forks for Marshmallows and Hot Dogs, Chrome Plated Steel products, see reviews and price trends, and find the promotions Rome s Set of 9 Forks for Marshmallows and Hot Dogs, Chrome Plated Steel Shop Online. read more Read the rest of this entry Tags Chrome , Lowest , Marshmallows , Marshmallows Chrome , Plated , Plated Prices , Prices , Romes Veranda Patio Table & Chair Set Cover , Pebble for Round Tables and Six Standard Chairs up to 60 Inches Diameter and 23 Inches High to Buy Cheap Veranda Patio Table & Chair Set Cover , Pebble for Round Tables and Six Standard Chairs up to 60 Inches Diameter and 23 Inches High to Discount Veranda Patio Table & Chair Set Cover , Pebble for Round Tables and Six Standard Chairs up to 60 Inches Diameter and 23 Inches High For Sale Everything you need to know on Veranda Patio Table & Chair Set Cover , Pebble for Round Tables and Six Standard Chairs up to 60 Inches Diameter and 23 Inches High product. Read more about Veranda Patio Table & Chair Set Cover , Pebble for Round Tables and Six Standard Chairs up to 60 Inches Diameter and 23 Inches High product features, compare similar Veranda Patio Table & Chair Set Cover , Pebble for Round Tables and Six Standard Chairs up to 60 Inches Diameter and 23 Inches High products, see reviews and price trends, and find the hot products Veranda Patio Table & Chair Set Cover , Pebble for Round Tables and Six Standard Chairs up to 60 Inches Diameter and 23 Inches High Shop Online. read more Read the rest of this entry Tags Chairs , Diameter , Inches , Pebble , Pebble Tables , Standard , Tables , Tables Pebble , Veranda Outdoor GreatRoom Company CNKIT24B Outdoor Kitchen Installation Kit for Cook Number JAG24 to Buy Cheap Prices Outdoor GreatRoom Company CNKIT24B Outdoor Kitchen Installation Kit for Cook Number JAG24 to Buy Lowest Prices Outdoor GreatRoom Company CNKIT24B Outdoor Kitchen Installation Kit for Cook Number JAG24 at Low Prices Everything you need to know on Outdoor GreatRoom Company CNKIT24B Outdoor Kitchen Installation Kit for Cook Number JAG24 product. Learn more about Outdoor GreatRoom Company CNKIT24B Outdoor Kitchen Installation Kit for Cook Number JAG24 product features, compare similar Outdoor GreatRoom Company CNKIT24B Outdoor Kitchen Installation Kit for Cook Number JAG24 products, see reviews and price trends, and find the new releases Outdoor GreatRoom Company CNKIT24B Outdoor Kitchen Installation Kit for Cook Number JAG24 Shop Online. read more Read the rest of this entry Tags CNKIT24B , Company , Company Number , GreatRoom , Installation , Kitchen , Number , Outdoor , Outdoor Installation , Prices Jessie Steele Green and White Polka Dot Scalloped Pot-Mitt to Enjoy Big Savings Jessie Steele Green and White Polka Dot Scalloped Pot-Mitt to Buy And Save Big Jessie Steele Green and White Polka Dot Scalloped Pot-Mitt to Compare prices Everything you need to know on Jessie Steele Green and White Polka Dot Scalloped Pot-Mitt product. Learn more about Jessie Steele Green and White Polka Dot Scalloped Pot-Mitt product features, compare similar Jessie Steele Green and White Polka Dot Scalloped Pot-Mitt products, see reviews and price trends, and find the great promotions Jessie Steele Green and White Polka Dot Scalloped Pot-Mitt Shop Online. read more Read the rest of this entry Tags Jessie , Jessie Scalloped , PotMitt , Savings , Savings Steele , Scalloped , Steele True Fabrications Picnic Stix Set to Buy Cheap Prices True Fabrications Picnic Stix Set to Buy Lowest Prices True Fabrications Picnic Stix Set For Sales Everything you need to know on True Fabrications Picnic Stix Set product. Search more about True Fabrications Picnic Stix Set product features, compare similar True Fabrications Picnic Stix Set products, see reviews and price trends, and find the reccommend products True Fabrications Picnic Stix Set Shop Online. read more Read the rest of this entry Tags Fabrications , Picnic , Picnic Prices , Prices , Prices Picnic Recent Posts Zelco 8101 2nd Degree Indoor & Outdoor Thermometer Black to Low Prices Conair PTM1 Teak Bath Mat to Buy Cheap Prices Classic Accessories Veranda Island Grill Top Cover, Small to Enjoy Savings Rome s Set of 9 Forks for Marshmallows and Hot Dogs, Chrome Plated Steel to Lowest Prices Veranda Patio Table & Chair Set Cover , Pebble for Round Tables and Six Standard Chairs up to 60 Inches Diameter and 23 Inches High to Buy Cheap Outdoor GreatRoom Company CNKIT24B Outdoor Kitchen Installation Kit for Cook Number JAG24 to Buy Cheap Prices Jessie Steele Green and White Polka Dot Scalloped Pot-Mitt to Enjoy Big Savings True Fabrications Picnic Stix Set to Buy Cheap Prices Tags Fabrications Outdoor Picnic Picnic Prices Prices Prices Picnic Savings Scalloped Steele Veranda Powered by WordPress and Created for Outdoor Kitchens Accessories | Gas Barbecue Sale http //outdoorkitchensaccessories.gasbarbecuesale.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com Web Toolbar by Wibiya')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01084', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Outdoor Kitchens Accessories Rome s Set of 9 Forks for Marshmallows and Hot Dogs, Chrome Plated Steel to Lowest Prices Conair PTM1 Teak Bath Mat to Buy Cheap Prices Classic Accessories Veranda Island Grill Top Cover, Small to Enjoy Savings Classic Accessories Veranda Island Grill Top Cover, Small to Buy And Save Big Classic Accessories Veranda Island Grill Top Cover, Small at Amazing Prices Everything you need to know on Classic Accessories Veranda Island Grill Top Cover, Small product. Find more about Classic Accessories Veranda Island Grill Top Cover, Small product features, compare similar Classic Accessories Veranda Island Grill Top Cover, Small products, see reviews and price trends, and find the best promotions Classic Accessories Veranda Island Grill Top Cover, Small Shop Online. read more Heavy-duty fabric cover keeps island grill top clean, dry and ready to use. Features an elegant fabric top with a protective splash guard skirt. Fits grill tops up to 26-Inch long. Buy Lowest Sale Price from Here! Special Price ! Water repellent fabric won t crack in cold weather Interior click-close straps secure the cover to the grill handle Elastic hem for a tight, custom fit Air vents reduce inside condensation and wind lofting Padded handles for easy fitting and removal You can buy Classic Accessories Veranda Island Grill Top Cover, Small from many big retailers offline or online like Amazon, Best Buy, Target, Walmart, Cnet, Cosco, OnSale, Buy.com etc. But which one is the best We have done work for you, we find the best place to Buy And Save Big Classic Accessories Veranda Island Grill Top Cover, Small is at Amazon.com. This giant online retailers give the reasonable price which included fast service for this Holiday Season|for this Holiday|for this Weekends|for this Weekend|for this Black Friday|for this Cyber Monday|for this Christmas Day|for this New Years Eve|for this Halloween|for this Father\\ s Day|for this Mother\\ s Day|for this Thanksgiving Day . Check Out This Product This at REDUCED Prices!, Do not miss Classic Accessories Veranda Island Grill Top Cover, Small product. Decided to order hot promotions Classic Accessories Veranda Island Grill Top Cover, Small today before it is sold out. Limited time sale and limit the number of products to sell. title 4 25 Relate keywords outdoor kitchens accessories,outdoor grills accessories,outdoor living accessories,gas grills accessories,weber accessories,outdoor kitchen pictures accessories,outdoor kitchen ideas accessories,outdoor kitchen designs accessories,building an outdoor kitchen accessories,outdoor kitchens accessories garden,outdoor kitchens,outdoor kitchens case,outdoor kitchens review,outdoor kitchens cover,outdoor kitchens parts,bbq guys,outdoor bars accessories,outdoor kitchens adapter,outdoor kitchens manual,lowes accessories,outdoor grills accessories,outdoor fireplaces accessories,outdoor kitchens decor,home depot accessories,outdoor kitchens hardware Comments Tags Accessories , Classic , Cover , Cover Island , Island , Savings , Veranda , Veranda Island Comments are closed. Recent Posts Zelco 8101 2nd Degree Indoor & Outdoor Thermometer Black to Low Prices Conair PTM1 Teak Bath Mat to Buy Cheap Prices Classic Accessories Veranda Island Grill Top Cover, Small to Enjoy Savings Rome s Set of 9 Forks for Marshmallows and Hot Dogs, Chrome Plated Steel to Lowest Prices Veranda Patio Table & Chair Set Cover , Pebble for Round Tables and Six Standard Chairs up to 60 Inches Diameter and 23 Inches High to Buy Cheap Outdoor GreatRoom Company CNKIT24B Outdoor Kitchen Installation Kit for Cook Number JAG24 to Buy Cheap Prices Jessie Steele Green and White Polka Dot Scalloped Pot-Mitt to Enjoy Big Savings True Fabrications Picnic Stix Set to Buy Cheap Prices Tags Fabrications Outdoor Picnic Picnic Prices Prices Prices Picnic Savings Scalloped Steele Veranda Powered by WordPress and Created for Outdoor Kitchens Accessories | Gas Barbecue Sale http //outdoorkitchensaccessories.gasbarbecuesale.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com Web Toolbar by Wibiya')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01085', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Outdoor Kitchens Accessories Classic Accessories Veranda Island Grill Top Cover, Small to Enjoy Savings Zelco 8101 2nd Degree Indoor & Outdoor Thermometer Black to Low Prices Conair PTM1 Teak Bath Mat to Buy Cheap Prices Conair PTM1 Teak Bath Mat to Enjoy Savings Conair PTM1 Teak Bath Mat For Super Save Everything you need to know on Conair PTM1 Teak Bath Mat product. Search more about Conair PTM1 Teak Bath Mat product features, compare similar Conair PTM1 Teak Bath Mat products, see reviews and price trends, and find the best products Conair PTM1 Teak Bath Mat Shop Online. read more The Teak Shower matt provides comfortable, slip-free footing. Lightly coated with mineral oil to provide a beautiful nonslip finish, the durable, solid wood construction will last for years. It also resists fungi for a cleaner shower or bath environment. Buy Lowest Sale Price from Here! Special Price ! You can buy Conair PTM1 Teak Bath Mat from many big retailers offline or online like Amazon, Best Buy, Target, Walmart, Cnet, Cosco, OnSale, Buy.com etc. But which one is the best We have done work for you, we find the best place to Enjoy Savings Conair PTM1 Teak Bath Mat is at Amazon.com. This giant online retailers give the cheap price which included guarantee great service and fast ordering for this Holiday Season|for this Holiday|for this Weekends|for this Weekend|for this Black Friday|for this Cyber Monday|for this Christmas Day|for this New Years Eve|for this Halloween|for this Father\\ s Day|for this Mother\\ s Day|for this Thanksgiving Day . Check Out This Product This at The CHEAPEST Prices!, Do not miss Conair PTM1 Teak Bath Mat product. Decided to buy new releases Conair PTM1 Teak Bath Mat today before it is sold out. Limited time sale and limit the number of products to sell. title 4 16 Relate keywords outdoor kitchens accessories,outdoor grills accessories,outdoor living accessories,gas grills accessories,weber accessories,outdoor kitchen pictures accessories,outdoor kitchen ideas accessories,outdoor kitchen designs accessories,building an outdoor kitchen accessories,outdoor kitchens accessories garden,outdoor kitchens,outdoor kitchens case,outdoor kitchens review,outdoor kitchens cover,outdoor kitchens parts,bbq guys,outdoor bars accessories,outdoor kitchens adapter,outdoor kitchens manual,lowes accessories,outdoor grills accessories,outdoor fireplaces accessories,outdoor kitchens decor,home depot accessories,outdoor kitchens hardware Comments Tags Conair , Conair Prices , Prices , Prices Conair Comments are closed. Recent Posts Zelco 8101 2nd Degree Indoor & Outdoor Thermometer Black to Low Prices Conair PTM1 Teak Bath Mat to Buy Cheap Prices Classic Accessories Veranda Island Grill Top Cover, Small to Enjoy Savings Rome s Set of 9 Forks for Marshmallows and Hot Dogs, Chrome Plated Steel to Lowest Prices Veranda Patio Table & Chair Set Cover , Pebble for Round Tables and Six Standard Chairs up to 60 Inches Diameter and 23 Inches High to Buy Cheap Outdoor GreatRoom Company CNKIT24B Outdoor Kitchen Installation Kit for Cook Number JAG24 to Buy Cheap Prices Jessie Steele Green and White Polka Dot Scalloped Pot-Mitt to Enjoy Big Savings True Fabrications Picnic Stix Set to Buy Cheap Prices Tags Fabrications Outdoor Picnic Picnic Prices Prices Prices Picnic Savings Scalloped Steele Veranda Powered by WordPress and Created for Outdoor Kitchens Accessories | Gas Barbecue Sale http //outdoorkitchensaccessories.gasbarbecuesale.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com Web Toolbar by Wibiya')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01086', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Outdoor Kitchens Accessories True Fabrications Picnic Stix Set to Buy Cheap Prices Outdoor GreatRoom Company CNKIT24B Outdoor Kitchen Installation Kit for Cook Number JAG24 to Buy Cheap Prices Jessie Steele Green and White Polka Dot Scalloped Pot-Mitt to Enjoy Big Savings Jessie Steele Green and White Polka Dot Scalloped Pot-Mitt to Buy And Save Big Jessie Steele Green and White Polka Dot Scalloped Pot-Mitt to Compare prices Everything you need to know on Jessie Steele Green and White Polka Dot Scalloped Pot-Mitt product. Learn more about Jessie Steele Green and White Polka Dot Scalloped Pot-Mitt product features, compare similar Jessie Steele Green and White Polka Dot Scalloped Pot-Mitt products, see reviews and price trends, and find the great promotions Jessie Steele Green and White Polka Dot Scalloped Pot-Mitt Shop Online. read more High quality Designer Pot-Mitt, our unique combination of Pot Holder and Oven-Mitt. This fashion-forward item makes the perfect kitchen accessory. Buy Lowest Sale Price from Here! Special Price ! Green and White Polka Dot Scalloped Pot Mitt 100-Percent Cotton Coordinating Apron sold separately Machine Wash Makes a great gift You can buy Jessie Steele Green and White Polka Dot Scalloped Pot-Mitt from many big retailers offline or online like Amazon, Best Buy, Target, Walmart, Cnet, Cosco, OnSale, Buy.com etc. But which one is the best We have done work for you, we find the best place to Buy And Save Big Jessie Steele Green and White Polka Dot Scalloped Pot-Mitt is at Amazon.com. This giant online retailers give the cheapest price which included great service and safe ordering for this Holiday Season|for this Holiday|for this Weekends|for this Weekend|for this Black Friday|for this Cyber Monday|for this Christmas Day|for this New Years Eve|for this Halloween|for this Father\\ s Day|for this Mother\\ s Day|for this Thanksgiving Day . Check Out This Product This at The CHEAPEST Prices!, Do not miss Jessie Steele Green and White Polka Dot Scalloped Pot-Mitt product. Decided to order bestsellers Jessie Steele Green and White Polka Dot Scalloped Pot-Mitt today before it is sold out. Limited time sale and limit the number of products to sell. title 4 37 Relate keywords outdoor kitchens accessories,outdoor grills accessories,outdoor living accessories,gas grills accessories,weber accessories,outdoor kitchen pictures accessories,outdoor kitchen ideas accessories,outdoor kitchen designs accessories,building an outdoor kitchen accessories,outdoor kitchens accessories garden,outdoor kitchens,outdoor kitchens case,outdoor kitchens review,outdoor kitchens cover,outdoor kitchens parts,bbq guys,outdoor bars accessories,outdoor kitchens adapter,outdoor kitchens manual,lowes accessories,outdoor grills accessories,outdoor fireplaces accessories,outdoor kitchens decor,home depot accessories,outdoor kitchens hardware Comments Tags Jessie , Jessie Scalloped , PotMitt , Savings , Savings Steele , Scalloped , Steele Comments are closed. Recent Posts Zelco 8101 2nd Degree Indoor & Outdoor Thermometer Black to Low Prices Conair PTM1 Teak Bath Mat to Buy Cheap Prices Classic Accessories Veranda Island Grill Top Cover, Small to Enjoy Savings Rome s Set of 9 Forks for Marshmallows and Hot Dogs, Chrome Plated Steel to Lowest Prices Veranda Patio Table & Chair Set Cover , Pebble for Round Tables and Six Standard Chairs up to 60 Inches Diameter and 23 Inches High to Buy Cheap Outdoor GreatRoom Company CNKIT24B Outdoor Kitchen Installation Kit for Cook Number JAG24 to Buy Cheap Prices Jessie Steele Green and White Polka Dot Scalloped Pot-Mitt to Enjoy Big Savings True Fabrications Picnic Stix Set to Buy Cheap Prices Tags Fabrications Outdoor Picnic Picnic Prices Prices Prices Picnic Savings Scalloped Steele Veranda Powered by WordPress and Created for Outdoor Kitchens Accessories | Gas Barbecue Sale http //outdoorkitchensaccessories.gasbarbecuesale.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com Web Toolbar by Wibiya')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01087', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Outdoor Kitchens Accessories Jessie Steele Green and White Polka Dot Scalloped Pot-Mitt to Enjoy Big Savings True Fabrications Picnic Stix Set to Buy Cheap Prices True Fabrications Picnic Stix Set to Buy Lowest Prices True Fabrications Picnic Stix Set For Sales Everything you need to know on True Fabrications Picnic Stix Set product. Search more about True Fabrications Picnic Stix Set product features, compare similar True Fabrications Picnic Stix Set products, see reviews and price trends, and find the reccommend products True Fabrications Picnic Stix Set Shop Online. read more These great picnic stix for your wine are stakes that are perfect for picnics, outdoor concerts, and more. Has a stake to hold your wine and two more stakes to hold your wine glasses! Buy Lowest Sale Price from Here! Special Price ! Set of 3 wine stakes turns ground seating into the best available at picnics, concerts, trips to parks and the beach One stake is designed to keep a wine bottle steady while 2 other matching stakes are made to hold glasses at the ready No more spilled drinks if the blankets slides or someone accidentally bumps them Sized in height for ground seating or very low chairs; lightweight and portable; easily fits into bags or containers The set makes a great gift for outdoor enthusiasts everywhere You can buy True Fabrications Picnic Stix Set from many big retailers offline or online like Amazon, Best Buy, Target, Walmart, Cnet, Cosco, OnSale, Buy.com etc. But which one is the best We have done work for you, we find the best place to Buy Lowest Prices True Fabrications Picnic Stix Set is at Amazon.com. This giant online retailers give the cheapest price which included fast service for this Holiday Season|for this Holiday|for this Weekends|for this Weekend|for this Black Friday|for this Cyber Monday|for this Christmas Day|for this New Years Eve|for this Halloween|for this Father\\ s Day|for this Mother\\ s Day|for this Thanksgiving Day . Check Out This Product This at The CRAZY Prices!, Do not miss True Fabrications Picnic Stix Set product. Decided to buy cheap new releases True Fabrications Picnic Stix Set today before it is sold out. Limited time sale and limit the number of products to sell. title 4 35 Relate keywords outdoor kitchens accessories,outdoor grills accessories,outdoor living accessories,gas grills accessories,weber accessories,outdoor kitchen pictures accessories,outdoor kitchen ideas accessories,outdoor kitchen designs accessories,building an outdoor kitchen accessories,outdoor kitchens accessories garden,outdoor kitchens,outdoor kitchens case,outdoor kitchens review,outdoor kitchens cover,outdoor kitchens parts,bbq guys,outdoor bars accessories,outdoor kitchens adapter,outdoor kitchens manual,lowes accessories,outdoor grills accessories,outdoor fireplaces accessories,outdoor kitchens decor,home depot accessories,outdoor kitchens hardware Comments Tags Fabrications , Picnic , Picnic Prices , Prices , Prices Picnic Comments are closed. Recent Posts Zelco 8101 2nd Degree Indoor & Outdoor Thermometer Black to Low Prices Conair PTM1 Teak Bath Mat to Buy Cheap Prices Classic Accessories Veranda Island Grill Top Cover, Small to Enjoy Savings Rome s Set of 9 Forks for Marshmallows and Hot Dogs, Chrome Plated Steel to Lowest Prices Veranda Patio Table & Chair Set Cover , Pebble for Round Tables and Six Standard Chairs up to 60 Inches Diameter and 23 Inches High to Buy Cheap Outdoor GreatRoom Company CNKIT24B Outdoor Kitchen Installation Kit for Cook Number JAG24 to Buy Cheap Prices Jessie Steele Green and White Polka Dot Scalloped Pot-Mitt to Enjoy Big Savings True Fabrications Picnic Stix Set to Buy Cheap Prices Tags Fabrications Outdoor Picnic Picnic Prices Prices Prices Picnic Savings Scalloped Steele Veranda Powered by WordPress and Created for Outdoor Kitchens Accessories | Gas Barbecue Sale http //outdoorkitchensaccessories.gasbarbecuesale.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com Web Toolbar by Wibiya')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01089', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Outdoor Kitchens Accessories Conair PTM1 Teak Bath Mat to Buy Cheap Prices Zelco 8101 2nd Degree Indoor & Outdoor Thermometer Black to Low Prices Zelco 8101 2nd Degree Indoor & Outdoor Thermometer Black to Buy Lowest Prices Zelco 8101 2nd Degree Indoor & Outdoor Thermometer Black to Compare Great Prices Everything you need to know on Zelco 8101 2nd Degree Indoor & Outdoor Thermometer Black product. Search more about Zelco 8101 2nd Degree Indoor & Outdoor Thermometer Black product features, compare similar Zelco 8101 2nd Degree Indoor & Outdoor Thermometer Black products, see reviews and price trends, and find the promotions Zelco 8101 2nd Degree Indoor & Outdoor Thermometer Black Shop Online. read more The 2nd Degree Thermometer allows you to read the temperature inside and outside in one quick glance. The special adhesive is easily attached to the outside/ inside windows for a quick way to double check heating and ac systems. Buy Lowest Sale Price from Here! Special Price ! Dual thermometers report indoor and outdoor temperatures Ideal for home, office, nurseries Provides way to check heating and air conditioning systems Applies to windows with high-performance adhesive 1-year limited warranty You can buy Zelco 8101 2nd Degree Indoor & Outdoor Thermometer Black from many big retailers offline or online like Amazon, Best Buy, Target, Walmart, Cnet, Cosco, OnSale, Buy.com etc. But which one is the best We have done work for you, we find the best place to Buy Lowest Prices Zelco 8101 2nd Degree Indoor & Outdoor Thermometer Black is at Amazon.com. This giant online retailers give the cheap price which included guarantee fast service in united states for this Holiday Season|for this Holiday|for this Weekends|for this Weekend|for this Black Friday|for this Cyber Monday|for this Christmas Day|for this New Years Eve|for this Halloween|for this Father\\ s Day|for this Mother\\ s Day|for this Thanksgiving Day . Check Out This Product This at The SPECIAL Prices!, Do not miss Zelco 8101 2nd Degree Indoor & Outdoor Thermometer Black product. Decided to order reccommend promotions Zelco 8101 2nd Degree Indoor & Outdoor Thermometer Black today before it is sold out. Limited time sale and limit the number of products to sell. title 4 22 Relate keywords outdoor kitchens accessories,outdoor grills accessories,outdoor living accessories,gas grills accessories,weber accessories,outdoor kitchen pictures accessories,outdoor kitchen ideas accessories,outdoor kitchen designs accessories,building an outdoor kitchen accessories,outdoor kitchens accessories garden,outdoor kitchens,outdoor kitchens case,outdoor kitchens review,outdoor kitchens cover,outdoor kitchens parts,bbq guys,outdoor bars accessories,outdoor kitchens adapter,outdoor kitchens manual,lowes accessories,outdoor grills accessories,outdoor fireplaces accessories,outdoor kitchens decor,home depot accessories,outdoor kitchens hardware Comments Tags Degree , Indoor , Outdoor , Prices , Prices Thermometer , Thermometer , Thermometer Indoor Comments are closed. Recent Posts Zelco 8101 2nd Degree Indoor & Outdoor Thermometer Black to Low Prices Conair PTM1 Teak Bath Mat to Buy Cheap Prices Classic Accessories Veranda Island Grill Top Cover, Small to Enjoy Savings Rome s Set of 9 Forks for Marshmallows and Hot Dogs, Chrome Plated Steel to Lowest Prices Veranda Patio Table & Chair Set Cover , Pebble for Round Tables and Six Standard Chairs up to 60 Inches Diameter and 23 Inches High to Buy Cheap Outdoor GreatRoom Company CNKIT24B Outdoor Kitchen Installation Kit for Cook Number JAG24 to Buy Cheap Prices Jessie Steele Green and White Polka Dot Scalloped Pot-Mitt to Enjoy Big Savings True Fabrications Picnic Stix Set to Buy Cheap Prices Tags Fabrications Outdoor Picnic Picnic Prices Prices Prices Picnic Savings Scalloped Steele Veranda Powered by WordPress and Created for Outdoor Kitchens Accessories | Gas Barbecue Sale http //outdoorkitchensaccessories.gasbarbecuesale.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com Web Toolbar by Wibiya')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01090', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Outdoor Living Cushions Algoma 1500-1158 Hanging Soft Cushion Chair, Isadora Sand Save Money Save on selections of Algoma 1500-1158 Hanging Soft Cushion Chair, Isadora Sand Best Price Online on Algoma 1500-1158 Hanging Soft Cushion Chair, Isadora Sand. We Offer Algoma 1500-1158 Hanging Soft Cushion Chair, Isadora Sand For Sales I read a lot of the Algoma 1500-1158 Hanging Soft Cushion Chair, Isadora Sand cheap price reviews and comparison before I bought this. Don t spend more than you have to! I already done the research for you. Read Here where to buy Algoma 1500-1158 Hanging Soft Cushion Chair, Isadora Sand at The CHEAPEST Prices! Visit the hot bestsellers in Algoma 1500-1158 Hanging Soft Cushion Chair, Isadora Sand list for authoritative information on this product current rank. read more Read the rest of this entry Outdoor Love Seat 42 X 18 Solar Cherry Promotions Discount Deals on Outdoor Love Seat 42 X 18 Solar Cherry Super Low Prices on Outdoor Love Seat 42 X 18 Solar Cherry. We Offer Outdoor Love Seat 42 X 18 Solar Cherry Deals on Selection I read a lot of the Outdoor Love Seat 42 X 18 Solar Cherry cheap price reviews and comparison before I bought this. Don t spend more than you have to! I already done the research for you. Read Here where to buy Outdoor Love Seat 42 X 18 Solar Cherry at The LOWEST Prices! Visit the new arrival in Outdoor Love Seat 42 X 18 Solar Cherry list for authoritative information on this product current rank. read more Read the rest of this entry Set of 4 Outdoor Chair Seat Cushion Sunbrella Fabric Pacific Blue #5401 Save Price Shopping Online Find Deals on Set of 4 Outdoor Chair Seat Cushion Sunbrella Fabric Pacific Blue #5401 Compare And Save on Set of 4 Outdoor Chair Seat Cushion Sunbrella Fabric Pacific Blue #5401 . We Offer Set of 4 Outdoor Chair Seat Cushion Sunbrella Fabric Pacific Blue #5401 For Great Prices I read a lot of the Set of 4 Outdoor Chair Seat Cushion Sunbrella Fabric Pacific Blue #5401 low price reviews before I bought this. Don t spend more than you have to! I already done the research for you. Read Here where to buy Set of 4 Outdoor Chair Seat Cushion Sunbrella Fabric Pacific Blue #5401 at REASONABLE Cost! Visit the reccommend products in Set of 4 Outdoor Chair Seat Cushion Sunbrella Fabric Pacific Blue #5401 list for authoritative information on this product current rank. read more Read the rest of this entry Outdoor Wicker Rocker Cushion Fabric Haliwall Caribbean Sale Discount Prices Enjoy Big Savings on Outdoor Wicker Rocker Cushion Fabric Haliwall Caribbean Shopping Deals on Outdoor Wicker Rocker Cushion Fabric Haliwall Caribbean. We Offer Outdoor Wicker Rocker Cushion Fabric Haliwall Caribbean For Great Prices I read a lot of the Outdoor Wicker Rocker Cushion Fabric Haliwall Caribbean great price reviews and comparison before I bought this. Don t spend more than you have to! I already done the research for you. Read Here where to buy Outdoor Wicker Rocker Cushion Fabric Haliwall Caribbean at The SPECIAL Prices! Visit the top products in Outdoor Wicker Rocker Cushion Fabric Haliwall Caribbean list for authoritative information on this product current rank. read more Read the rest of this entry set Of 2 Outdoor Seat Cushions 21 X 18 Maystone Olive Best Offer Promotion Savings on set Of 2 Outdoor Seat Cushions 21 X 18 Maystone Olive Save Big on set Of 2 Outdoor Seat Cushions 21 X 18 Maystone Olive. We Offer set Of 2 Outdoor Seat Cushions 21 X 18 Maystone Olive to Discount I read a lot of the set Of 2 Outdoor Seat Cushions 21 X 18 Maystone Olive affordable price reviews before I bought this. Don t spend more than you have to! I already done the research for you. Read Here where to buy set Of 2 Outdoor Seat Cushions 21 X 18 Maystone Olive at The GREAT Prices! Visit the new arrival in set Of 2 Outdoor Seat Cushions 21 X 18 Maystone Olive list for authoritative information on this product current rank. read more Read the rest of this entry Greendale Home Fashions Standard Rocking Chair Cushion Set- Cherokee Solid, Sage Online Shopping Enjoy Big Savings on Greendale Home Fashions Standard Rocking Chair Cushion Set- Cherokee Solid, Sage Compare Prices on Greendale Home Fashions Standard Rocking Chair Cushion Set- Cherokee Solid, Sage. We Offer Greendale Home Fashions Standard Rocking Chair Cushion Set- Cherokee Solid, Sage to Enjoy Big Savings I read a lot of the Greendale Home Fashions Standard Rocking Chair Cushion Set- Cherokee Solid, Sage bargain price reviews before I bought this. Don t spend more than you have to! I already done the research for you. Read Here where to buy Greendale Home Fashions Standard Rocking Chair Cushion Set- Cherokee Solid, Sage at The UNBELIEVABLE Prices! Visit the reccommend promotions in Greendale Home Fashions Standard Rocking Chair Cushion Set- Cherokee Solid, Sage list for authoritative information on this product current rank. read more Read the rest of this entry Polywood Outdoor Furniture Classic Adirondack Chair Seat Cushion, Sunflower Yellow Sunbrella Save Price with Promotion Today Save on selections of Polywood Outdoor Furniture Classic Adirondack Chair Seat Cushion, Sunflower Yellow Sunbrella Great Selection of Top Polywood Outdoor Furniture Classic Adirondack Chair Seat Cushion, Sunflower Yellow Sunbrella. We Offer Polywood Outdoor Furniture Classic Adirondack Chair Seat Cushion, Sunflower Yellow Sunbrella at Affordable Prices I read a lot of the Polywood Outdoor Furniture Classic Adirondack Chair Seat Cushion, Sunflower Yellow Sunbrella discount price reviews before I bought this. Don t spend more than you have to! I already done the research for you. Read Here where to buy Polywood Outdoor Furniture Classic Adirondack Chair Seat Cushion, Sunflower Yellow Sunbrella at The SPECIAL Prices! Visit the bestsellers in Polywood Outdoor Furniture Classic Adirondack Chair Seat Cushion, Sunflower Yellow Sunbrella list for authoritative information on this product current rank. read more Read the rest of this entry Recent Posts Algoma 1500-1158 Hanging Soft Cushion Chair, Isadora Sand Save Money Outdoor Love Seat 42 X 18 Solar Cherry Promotions Discount Set of 4 Outdoor Chair Seat Cushion Sunbrella Fabric Pacific Blue #5401 Save Price Shopping Online Outdoor Wicker Rocker Cushion Fabric Haliwall Caribbean Sale Discount Prices set Of 2 Outdoor Seat Cushions 21 X 18 Maystone Olive Best Offer Promotion Greendale Home Fashions Standard Rocking Chair Cushion Set- Cherokee Solid, Sage Online Shopping Polywood Outdoor Furniture Classic Adirondack Chair Seat Cushion, Sunflower Yellow Sunbrella Save Price with Promotion Today Tags Cushion Discount Online Outdoor Promotion Shopping Sunbrella Powered by WordPress and Created for Outdoor Living Cushions | Patio Table Store http //outdoorlivingcushions.patiotablestore.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com Web Toolbar by Wibiya')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01091', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Outdoor Living Cushions Outdoor Love Seat 42 X 18 Solar Cherry Promotions Discount Algoma 1500-1158 Hanging Soft Cushion Chair, Isadora Sand Save Money Save on selections of Algoma 1500-1158 Hanging Soft Cushion Chair, Isadora Sand Best Price Online on Algoma 1500-1158 Hanging Soft Cushion Chair, Isadora Sand. We Offer Algoma 1500-1158 Hanging Soft Cushion Chair, Isadora Sand For Sales I read a lot of the Algoma 1500-1158 Hanging Soft Cushion Chair, Isadora Sand cheap price reviews and comparison before I bought this. Don t spend more than you have to! I already done the research for you. Read Here where to buy Algoma 1500-1158 Hanging Soft Cushion Chair, Isadora Sand at The CHEAPEST Prices! Visit the hot bestsellers in Algoma 1500-1158 Hanging Soft Cushion Chair, Isadora Sand list for authoritative information on this product current rank. read more Algoma Soft Comfort Cushion Hanging Chair. See More Images Algoma 1500-1158 Hanging Soft Cushion Chair, Isadora Sand | Offer Promotion Today at Shop Online Price List $132.00 GET DISCOUNT / FREE SHIPPING See Best Price Algoma 1500-1158 Hanging Soft Cushion Chair, Isadora Sand Product Feature Polyester rope macrame clewed ends 40-Inch wide hardwood spreader bar Outdoor plated o-rings Foam filled cushion both seat and back Can hang from trees, porch, patios or Algoma C-Style hanging chair frame See Lowest Price Holiday Deals For Best Buy Cheap Algoma 1500-1158 Hanging Soft Cushion Chair, Isadora Sand Click These Link Above to Big Save Algoma 1500-1158 Hanging Soft Cushion Chair, Isadora Sand. Save Big And Compare Prices Now, Stock Goes Quickly For The Hot Algoma 1500-1158 Hanging Soft Cushion Chair, Isadora Sand Products. Shop Now! while Stock Last to Avoid Disappointment Title 4 20 Relate keywords outdoor living cushions,outdoor kitchens cushions,outdoor life cushions,outdoor rooms cushions,patio furniture cushions,lowes cushions,living outdoor furniture cushions,outdoor living pads,outdoor living accessories,outdoor living fabric,costco cushions,outdoor living cushion covers,backyard living cushions,outdoor living chairs,gazebos cushions,outdoor living cushions umbrellas Comments Comments are closed. Recent Posts Algoma 1500-1158 Hanging Soft Cushion Chair, Isadora Sand Save Money Outdoor Love Seat 42 X 18 Solar Cherry Promotions Discount Set of 4 Outdoor Chair Seat Cushion Sunbrella Fabric Pacific Blue #5401 Save Price Shopping Online Outdoor Wicker Rocker Cushion Fabric Haliwall Caribbean Sale Discount Prices set Of 2 Outdoor Seat Cushions 21 X 18 Maystone Olive Best Offer Promotion Greendale Home Fashions Standard Rocking Chair Cushion Set- Cherokee Solid, Sage Online Shopping Polywood Outdoor Furniture Classic Adirondack Chair Seat Cushion, Sunflower Yellow Sunbrella Save Price with Promotion Today Tags Cushion Discount Online Outdoor Promotion Shopping Sunbrella Powered by WordPress and Created for Outdoor Living Cushions | Patio Table Store http //outdoorlivingcushions.patiotablestore.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com Web Toolbar by Wibiya')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01092', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Outdoor Living Cushions Polywood Outdoor Furniture Classic Adirondack Chair Seat Cushion, Sunflower Yellow Sunbrella Save Price with Promotion Today set Of 2 Outdoor Seat Cushions 21 X 18 Maystone Olive Best Offer Promotion Greendale Home Fashions Standard Rocking Chair Cushion Set- Cherokee Solid, Sage Online Shopping Enjoy Big Savings on Greendale Home Fashions Standard Rocking Chair Cushion Set- Cherokee Solid, Sage Compare Prices on Greendale Home Fashions Standard Rocking Chair Cushion Set- Cherokee Solid, Sage. We Offer Greendale Home Fashions Standard Rocking Chair Cushion Set- Cherokee Solid, Sage to Enjoy Big Savings I read a lot of the Greendale Home Fashions Standard Rocking Chair Cushion Set- Cherokee Solid, Sage bargain price reviews before I bought this. Don t spend more than you have to! I already done the research for you. Read Here where to buy Greendale Home Fashions Standard Rocking Chair Cushion Set- Cherokee Solid, Sage at The UNBELIEVABLE Prices! Visit the reccommend promotions in Greendale Home Fashions Standard Rocking Chair Cushion Set- Cherokee Solid, Sage list for authoritative information on this product current rank. read more Solid Color ribbed microfiber rocking chair cushion set. 100-Percent nylon fabric. This rocker cushion set is fully reversible. Set consists of two cushions; 1 seat cushion 17-inch W by 15-inch D and 1 back cushion 17-inch W by 22-inch H . Cushion sets are 3-inch thick. Cushions have a bound edge trim and 4 circle tacks. String ties are attached to the backs of both cushions. The rocker cushions are fully tufted and filled with 100-Percent polyester fiberfill. Home furnishings for indoor use. Spot clean only. Finished in the USA. Cushions are plus or minus 1-1/2-inch See More Images Greendale Home Fashions Standard Rocking Chair Cushion Set- Cherokee Solid, Sage | Cheapest Prices at Shop Online Price List $54.99 GET DISCOUNT / FREE SHIPPING See Best Price Greendale Home Fashions Standard Rocking Chair Cushion Set- Cherokee Solid, Sage Product Feature 100-percent nylon microfiber fabric Made with 100-percent recycled polyfiberfill Spot clean only Promotions Holiday Deals For Best Buy Greendale Home Fashions Standard Rocking Chair Cushion Set- Cherokee Solid, Sage Click These Link Above to Buy Lowest Prices Greendale Home Fashions Standard Rocking Chair Cushion Set- Cherokee Solid, Sage. Great Fast Service And Safe Ordering, Stock Goes Quickly For The Bestselling Greendale Home Fashions Standard Rocking Chair Cushion Set- Cherokee Solid, Sage Products. Order Today! while Stock Last to Avoid Disappointment Title 4 32 Relate keywords outdoor living cushions,outdoor kitchens cushions,outdoor life cushions,outdoor rooms cushions,patio furniture cushions,lowes cushions,living outdoor furniture cushions,outdoor living pads,outdoor living accessories,outdoor living fabric,costco cushions,outdoor living cushion covers,backyard living cushions,outdoor living chairs,gazebos cushions,outdoor living cushions umbrellas Comments Comments are closed. Recent Posts Algoma 1500-1158 Hanging Soft Cushion Chair, Isadora Sand Save Money Outdoor Love Seat 42 X 18 Solar Cherry Promotions Discount Set of 4 Outdoor Chair Seat Cushion Sunbrella Fabric Pacific Blue #5401 Save Price Shopping Online Outdoor Wicker Rocker Cushion Fabric Haliwall Caribbean Sale Discount Prices set Of 2 Outdoor Seat Cushions 21 X 18 Maystone Olive Best Offer Promotion Greendale Home Fashions Standard Rocking Chair Cushion Set- Cherokee Solid, Sage Online Shopping Polywood Outdoor Furniture Classic Adirondack Chair Seat Cushion, Sunflower Yellow Sunbrella Save Price with Promotion Today Tags Cushion Discount Online Outdoor Promotion Shopping Sunbrella Powered by WordPress and Created for Outdoor Living Cushions | Patio Table Store http //outdoorlivingcushions.patiotablestore.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com Web Toolbar by Wibiya')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01093', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Outdoor Living Cushions Set of 4 Outdoor Chair Seat Cushion Sunbrella Fabric Pacific Blue #5401 Save Price Shopping Online Algoma 1500-1158 Hanging Soft Cushion Chair, Isadora Sand Save Money Outdoor Love Seat 42 X 18 Solar Cherry Promotions Discount Deals on Outdoor Love Seat 42 X 18 Solar Cherry Super Low Prices on Outdoor Love Seat 42 X 18 Solar Cherry. We Offer Outdoor Love Seat 42 X 18 Solar Cherry Deals on Selection I read a lot of the Outdoor Love Seat 42 X 18 Solar Cherry cheap price reviews and comparison before I bought this. Don t spend more than you have to! I already done the research for you. Read Here where to buy Outdoor Love Seat 42 X 18 Solar Cherry at The LOWEST Prices! Visit the new arrival in Outdoor Love Seat 42 X 18 Solar Cherry list for authoritative information on this product current rank. read more The Solar Cherry outdoor pillow collection will create the look you have always wanted. Mix and match solids, stripes and patterns from our Outdoor Pillow Collection. Pair this TWO Loveseat with the matching 16 squares and seat cushions. Crea See More Images Outdoor Love Seat 42 X 18 Solar Cherry | Get Discount at Shop Online Price List GET DISCOUNT / FREE SHIPPING See Best Price Outdoor Love Seat 42 X 18 Solar Cherry Product Feature Includes One 42 x 18 Outdoor Love Seat Outdoor Pillow fabric is the highest quality spun polyester Mildew resistant 100% high quality polyester filling Spot Clean only with damp cloth. Air Dry Lowest Price Holiday Deals For Best Buy Outdoor Love Seat 42 X 18 Solar Cherry Click These Link Above to Lowest Prices Outdoor Love Seat 42 X 18 Solar Cherry. We are Guarantee Fast Service And Lower Prices, Stock Goes Quickly For The New Arrival Outdoor Love Seat 42 X 18 Solar Cherry Products. Shop Now! while Stock Last to Avoid Disappointment Title 4 21 Relate keywords outdoor living cushions,outdoor kitchens cushions,outdoor life cushions,outdoor rooms cushions,patio furniture cushions,lowes cushions,living outdoor furniture cushions,outdoor living pads,outdoor living accessories,outdoor living fabric,costco cushions,outdoor living cushion covers,backyard living cushions,outdoor living chairs,gazebos cushions,outdoor living cushions umbrellas Comments Comments are closed. Recent Posts Algoma 1500-1158 Hanging Soft Cushion Chair, Isadora Sand Save Money Outdoor Love Seat 42 X 18 Solar Cherry Promotions Discount Set of 4 Outdoor Chair Seat Cushion Sunbrella Fabric Pacific Blue #5401 Save Price Shopping Online Outdoor Wicker Rocker Cushion Fabric Haliwall Caribbean Sale Discount Prices set Of 2 Outdoor Seat Cushions 21 X 18 Maystone Olive Best Offer Promotion Greendale Home Fashions Standard Rocking Chair Cushion Set- Cherokee Solid, Sage Online Shopping Polywood Outdoor Furniture Classic Adirondack Chair Seat Cushion, Sunflower Yellow Sunbrella Save Price with Promotion Today Tags Cushion Discount Online Outdoor Promotion Shopping Sunbrella Powered by WordPress and Created for Outdoor Living Cushions | Patio Table Store http //outdoorlivingcushions.patiotablestore.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com Web Toolbar by Wibiya')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01094', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Outdoor Living Cushions Greendale Home Fashions Standard Rocking Chair Cushion Set- Cherokee Solid, Sage Online Shopping Polywood Outdoor Furniture Classic Adirondack Chair Seat Cushion, Sunflower Yellow Sunbrella Save Price with Promotion Today Save on selections of Polywood Outdoor Furniture Classic Adirondack Chair Seat Cushion, Sunflower Yellow Sunbrella Great Selection of Top Polywood Outdoor Furniture Classic Adirondack Chair Seat Cushion, Sunflower Yellow Sunbrella. We Offer Polywood Outdoor Furniture Classic Adirondack Chair Seat Cushion, Sunflower Yellow Sunbrella at Affordable Prices I read a lot of the Polywood Outdoor Furniture Classic Adirondack Chair Seat Cushion, Sunflower Yellow Sunbrella discount price reviews before I bought this. Don t spend more than you have to! I already done the research for you. Read Here where to buy Polywood Outdoor Furniture Classic Adirondack Chair Seat Cushion, Sunflower Yellow Sunbrella at The SPECIAL Prices! Visit the bestsellers in Polywood Outdoor Furniture Classic Adirondack Chair Seat Cushion, Sunflower Yellow Sunbrella list for authoritative information on this product current rank. read more Adirondack Seat Cushion that is 2 thick and made with Sunbrella Outdoor fabric has been designed to fit our Adirondack chairs, or measure to ensure they fit your own chairs. See More Images Polywood Outdoor Furniture Classic Adirondack Chair Seat Cushion, Sunflower Yellow Sunbrella | Get Discount at Shop Online Price List $58.00 GET DISCOUNT / FREE SHIPPING See Best Price Polywood Outdoor Furniture Classic Adirondack Chair Seat Cushion, Sunflower Yellow Sunbrella Product Feature Sunbrella Fabric is as soft and inviting as they are durable Sunbrella Fabric resists stains and fading, so you can stop worrying about your fabric and enjoy your life. Sunbrella Fabric colors stay strong and vibrant, enven through intense sunlight exposure. All Weather Fabric, so they will not have to be brought in nightly 13 different fabrics to choose from Promotions Holiday Deals For Buy Cheap Polywood Outdoor Furniture Classic Adirondack Chair Seat Cushion, Sunflower Yellow Sunbrella Click These Link Above to Enjoy Big Savings Polywood Outdoor Furniture Classic Adirondack Chair Seat Cushion, Sunflower Yellow Sunbrella. Great Price And Great Service, Stock Goes Quickly For The Bestsellers Polywood Outdoor Furniture Classic Adirondack Chair Seat Cushion, Sunflower Yellow Sunbrella Products. Shop Today! while Stock Last to Avoid Disappointment Title 4 28 Relate keywords outdoor living cushions,outdoor kitchens cushions,outdoor life cushions,outdoor rooms cushions,patio furniture cushions,lowes cushions,living outdoor furniture cushions,outdoor living pads,outdoor living accessories,outdoor living fabric,costco cushions,outdoor living cushion covers,backyard living cushions,outdoor living chairs,gazebos cushions,outdoor living cushions umbrellas Comments Comments are closed. Recent Posts Algoma 1500-1158 Hanging Soft Cushion Chair, Isadora Sand Save Money Outdoor Love Seat 42 X 18 Solar Cherry Promotions Discount Set of 4 Outdoor Chair Seat Cushion Sunbrella Fabric Pacific Blue #5401 Save Price Shopping Online Outdoor Wicker Rocker Cushion Fabric Haliwall Caribbean Sale Discount Prices set Of 2 Outdoor Seat Cushions 21 X 18 Maystone Olive Best Offer Promotion Greendale Home Fashions Standard Rocking Chair Cushion Set- Cherokee Solid, Sage Online Shopping Polywood Outdoor Furniture Classic Adirondack Chair Seat Cushion, Sunflower Yellow Sunbrella Save Price with Promotion Today Tags Cushion Discount Online Outdoor Promotion Shopping Sunbrella Powered by WordPress and Created for Outdoor Living Cushions | Patio Table Store http //outdoorlivingcushions.patiotablestore.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com Web Toolbar by Wibiya')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01095', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Outdoor Living Cushions Outdoor Wicker Rocker Cushion Fabric Haliwall Caribbean Sale Discount Prices Outdoor Love Seat 42 X 18 Solar Cherry Promotions Discount Set of 4 Outdoor Chair Seat Cushion Sunbrella Fabric Pacific Blue #5401 Save Price Shopping Online Find Deals on Set of 4 Outdoor Chair Seat Cushion Sunbrella Fabric Pacific Blue #5401 Compare And Save on Set of 4 Outdoor Chair Seat Cushion Sunbrella Fabric Pacific Blue #5401 . We Offer Set of 4 Outdoor Chair Seat Cushion Sunbrella Fabric Pacific Blue #5401 For Great Prices I read a lot of the Set of 4 Outdoor Chair Seat Cushion Sunbrella Fabric Pacific Blue #5401 low price reviews before I bought this. Don t spend more than you have to! I already done the research for you. Read Here where to buy Set of 4 Outdoor Chair Seat Cushion Sunbrella Fabric Pacific Blue #5401 at REASONABLE Cost! Visit the reccommend products in Set of 4 Outdoor Chair Seat Cushion Sunbrella Fabric Pacific Blue #5401 list for authoritative information on this product current rank. read more Fits various types of outdoor seating wrought iron, aluminum, resin, wicker, wood and much more. Disclaimer This offer is for seat cushions only. The chairs, table tops and decoration pieces shown on the pictures are not included. Due to the computer and monitor configuration, the color appears on individual s screen may be slightly different with the actual fabric color. See More Images Set of 4 Outdoor Chair Seat Cushion Sunbrella Fabric Pacific Blue #5401 | Best Offer Promotion at Shop Online Price List GET DISCOUNT / FREE SHIPPING See Best Price Set of 4 Outdoor Chair Seat Cushion Sunbrella Fabric Pacific Blue #5401 Product Feature Set of 4 Seat Cushions Pacific Blue Sunbrella #5401 Approximately 19.5 wide x 19 deep x 3 thick each cushion Shell Fabric Sunbrella Fabric resists stains, mold, mildew and fading. Color stays strong and vibrant w/ UV and all weathers protection. 100% Solution Dyed Acrylic. Fill Material 70% Polyester Fibers + 30% Urethane Foam packed as pillow insert Reversible, Tied to secure, Cover w/ zipper. Poly/Form filled pillow Insert can be remove from cover for cleaning purpose. See Lowest Price Holiday Deals For Cheap Set of 4 Outdoor Chair Seat Cushion Sunbrella Fabric Pacific Blue #5401 Click These Link Above to Buy Cheapest Prices Set of 4 Outdoor Chair Seat Cushion Sunbrella Fabric Pacific Blue #5401 . Free Comparison Shopping And Satisfaction Guarantee, Stock Goes Quickly For The Top Bestsellers Set of 4 Outdoor Chair Seat Cushion Sunbrella Fabric Pacific Blue #5401 Products. Order Today! while Stock Last to Avoid Disappointment Title 4 28 Relate keywords outdoor living cushions,outdoor kitchens cushions,outdoor life cushions,outdoor rooms cushions,patio furniture cushions,lowes cushions,living outdoor furniture cushions,outdoor living pads,outdoor living accessories,outdoor living fabric,costco cushions,outdoor living cushion covers,backyard living cushions,outdoor living chairs,gazebos cushions,outdoor living cushions umbrellas Comments Comments are closed. Recent Posts Algoma 1500-1158 Hanging Soft Cushion Chair, Isadora Sand Save Money Outdoor Love Seat 42 X 18 Solar Cherry Promotions Discount Set of 4 Outdoor Chair Seat Cushion Sunbrella Fabric Pacific Blue #5401 Save Price Shopping Online Outdoor Wicker Rocker Cushion Fabric Haliwall Caribbean Sale Discount Prices set Of 2 Outdoor Seat Cushions 21 X 18 Maystone Olive Best Offer Promotion Greendale Home Fashions Standard Rocking Chair Cushion Set- Cherokee Solid, Sage Online Shopping Polywood Outdoor Furniture Classic Adirondack Chair Seat Cushion, Sunflower Yellow Sunbrella Save Price with Promotion Today Tags Cushion Discount Online Outdoor Promotion Shopping Sunbrella Powered by WordPress and Created for Outdoor Living Cushions | Patio Table Store http //outdoorlivingcushions.patiotablestore.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com Web Toolbar by Wibiya')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01097', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Outdoor Plastic Chairs Stackable Courtyard Creations Brz Stacking Chair Kts021w Aluminum/Steel Patio Chairs to Buy Cheapest Prices Courtyard Creations Brz Stacking Chair Kts021w Aluminum/Steel Patio Chairs to Low Prices Courtyard Creations Brz Stacking Chair Kts021w Aluminum/Steel Patio Chairs on Quick shipping Everything you need to know on Courtyard Creations Brz Stacking Chair Kts021w Aluminum/Steel Patio Chairs product. Search more about Courtyard Creations Brz Stacking Chair Kts021w Aluminum/Steel Patio Chairs product features, compare similar Courtyard Creations Brz Stacking Chair Kts021w Aluminum/Steel Patio Chairs products, see reviews and price trends, and find the reccommend products Courtyard Creations Brz Stacking Chair Kts021w Aluminum/Steel Patio Chairs Shop Online. read more Read the rest of this entry Polywood Outdoor Furniture Nautical Stackable Chaise Lounge with Arms, Mahogany-Recyled Plastic Materials to Buy Cheapest Prices Polywood Outdoor Furniture Nautical Stackable Chaise Lounge with Arms, Mahogany-Recyled Plastic Materials to Buy Low Price Polywood Outdoor Furniture Nautical Stackable Chaise Lounge with Arms, Mahogany-Recyled Plastic Materials Shop and Save Everything you need to know on Polywood Outdoor Furniture Nautical Stackable Chaise Lounge with Arms, Mahogany-Recyled Plastic Materials product. Search more about Polywood Outdoor Furniture Nautical Stackable Chaise Lounge with Arms, Mahogany-Recyled Plastic Materials product features, compare similar Polywood Outdoor Furniture Nautical Stackable Chaise Lounge with Arms, Mahogany-Recyled Plastic Materials products, see reviews and price trends, and find the promotions Polywood Outdoor Furniture Nautical Stackable Chaise Lounge with Arms, Mahogany-Recyled Plastic Materials Shop Online. read more Read the rest of this entry FC8000NBFolding Chair with Mocha Plastic Seat and Back and Mocha Frame 4 Pack to Compare Prices FC8000NBFolding Chair with Mocha Plastic Seat and Back and Mocha Frame 4 Pack to Discount FC8000NBFolding Chair with Mocha Plastic Seat and Back and Mocha Frame 4 Pack For Shopping Deals Everything you need to know on FC8000NBFolding Chair with Mocha Plastic Seat and Back and Mocha Frame 4 Pack product. See more about FC8000NBFolding Chair with Mocha Plastic Seat and Back and Mocha Frame 4 Pack product features, compare similar FC8000NBFolding Chair with Mocha Plastic Seat and Back and Mocha Frame 4 Pack products, see reviews and price trends, and find the best promotions FC8000NBFolding Chair with Mocha Plastic Seat and Back and Mocha Frame 4 Pack Shop Online. read more Read the rest of this entry Clay Adirondack Chair to Save Big Clay Adirondack Chair to Buy Cheap Prices Clay Adirondack Chair at Crazy Price Everything you need to know on Clay Adirondack Chair product. Learn more about Clay Adirondack Chair product features, compare similar Clay Adirondack Chair products, see reviews and price trends, and find cool savings Clay Adirondack Chair Shop Online. read more Read the rest of this entry RED Adirondack Ottoman to Buy Lowest Prices RED Adirondack Ottoman to Compare Prices And Save Big RED Adirondack Ottoman on Sale Now Everything you need to know on RED Adirondack Ottoman product. Learn more about RED Adirondack Ottoman product features, compare similar RED Adirondack Ottoman products, see reviews and price trends, and find and compare prices RED Adirondack Ottoman Shop Online. read more Read the rest of this entry Eagle One Recycled Plastic Stackable Chair Driftwood to Enjoy Savings And Selection Eagle One Recycled Plastic Stackable Chair Driftwood to Low Prices Eagle One Recycled Plastic Stackable Chair Driftwood For Save Huge Everything you need to know on Eagle One Recycled Plastic Stackable Chair Driftwood product. Learn more about Eagle One Recycled Plastic Stackable Chair Driftwood product features, compare similar Eagle One Recycled Plastic Stackable Chair Driftwood products, see reviews and price trends, and find the best values Eagle One Recycled Plastic Stackable Chair Driftwood Shop Online. read more Read the rest of this entry Adams Mfg Co Clay Missio Stack Chair 8259-23-3700 Resin Patio Chairs to Compare Prices And Save Big Adams Mfg Co Clay Missio Stack Chair 8259-23-3700 Resin Patio Chairs to Buy Low Price Adams Mfg Co Clay Missio Stack Chair 8259-23-3700 Resin Patio Chairs to Lowest Prices Everything you need to know on Adams Mfg Co Clay Missio Stack Chair 8259-23-3700 Resin Patio Chairs product. Learn more about Adams Mfg Co Clay Missio Stack Chair 8259-23-3700 Resin Patio Chairs product features, compare similar Adams Mfg Co Clay Missio Stack Chair 8259-23-3700 Resin Patio Chairs products, see reviews and price trends, and find the great products Adams Mfg Co Clay Missio Stack Chair 8259-23-3700 Resin Patio Chairs Shop Online. read more Read the rest of this entry Adams Mfg./Patio Furn. 8420-49-3731 Kids Stackable resin Chair to Enjoy Big Savings Adams Mfg./Patio Furn. 8420-49-3731 Kids Stackable resin Chair to Discount Adams Mfg./Patio Furn. 8420-49-3731 Kids Stackable resin Chair on Lowest Prices Everything you need to know on Adams Mfg./Patio Furn. 8420-49-3731 Kids Stackable resin Chair product. Find more about Adams Mfg./Patio Furn. 8420-49-3731 Kids Stackable resin Chair product features, compare similar Adams Mfg./Patio Furn. 8420-49-3731 Kids Stackable resin Chair products, see reviews and price trends, and find providers of Adams Mfg./Patio Furn. 8420-49-3731 Kids Stackable resin Chair Shop Online. read more Read the rest of this entry Recent Posts Courtyard Creations Brz Stacking Chair Kts021w Aluminum/Steel Patio Chairs to Buy Cheapest Prices Polywood Outdoor Furniture Nautical Stackable Chaise Lounge with Arms, Mahogany-Recyled Plastic Materials to Buy Cheapest Prices FC8000NBFolding Chair with Mocha Plastic Seat and Back and Mocha Frame 4 Pack to Compare Prices Clay Adirondack Chair to Save Big RED Adirondack Ottoman to Buy Lowest Prices Eagle One Recycled Plastic Stackable Chair Driftwood to Enjoy Savings And Selection Adams Mfg Co Clay Missio Stack Chair 8259-23-3700 Resin Patio Chairs to Compare Prices And Save Big Adams Mfg./Patio Furn. 8420-49-3731 Kids Stackable resin Chair to Enjoy Big Savings Tags Adirondack Chairs Compare Plastic Prices Savings Stackable Powered by WordPress and Created for Outdoor Plastic Chairs Stackable | Patio Table Store http //outdoorplasticchairsstackable.patiotablestore.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com Web Toolbar by Wibiya')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01098', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Outdoor Plastic Chairs Stackable Adams Mfg./Patio Furn. 8420-49-3731 Kids Stackable resin Chair to Enjoy Big Savings Eagle One Recycled Plastic Stackable Chair Driftwood to Enjoy Savings And Selection Adams Mfg Co Clay Missio Stack Chair 8259-23-3700 Resin Patio Chairs to Compare Prices And Save Big Adams Mfg Co Clay Missio Stack Chair 8259-23-3700 Resin Patio Chairs to Buy Low Price Adams Mfg Co Clay Missio Stack Chair 8259-23-3700 Resin Patio Chairs to Lowest Prices Everything you need to know on Adams Mfg Co Clay Missio Stack Chair 8259-23-3700 Resin Patio Chairs product. Learn more about Adams Mfg Co Clay Missio Stack Chair 8259-23-3700 Resin Patio Chairs product features, compare similar Adams Mfg Co Clay Missio Stack Chair 8259-23-3700 Resin Patio Chairs products, see reviews and price trends, and find the great products Adams Mfg Co Clay Missio Stack Chair 8259-23-3700 Resin Patio Chairs Shop Online. read more Adams Mfg Co Clay Missio Stack Chair 8259-23-3700 Resin Patio Chairs description This high-back patio stacking chair with Mission styling, makes the perfect seating solution for extra guests, outdoor entertaining. Lightweight, easy to clean resin. Desert Clay. We find promotion price for Adams Mfg Co Clay Missio Stack Chair 8259-23-3700 Resin Patio Chairs with super save shipping, Don\\ t miss this chance !! ADAMS MFG CO STACKING CHAIR Color Desert Clay Mission style high back chair. Made of durable all-weather resin. Stackable. Halloween Deals For This Year. Do not miss Adams Mfg Co Clay Missio Stack Chair 8259-23-3700 Resin Patio Chairs product. Decided to COL4 it online now. The cheapest place I have seen this Adams Mfg Co Clay Missio Stack Chair 8259-23-3700 Resin Patio Chairs is Shop Online. Click here find best product Adams Mfg Co Clay Missio Stack Chair 8259-23-3700 Resin Patio Chairs now. Title 4 15 Relate keywords outdoor plastic chairs stackable,outdoor resin chairs stackable,outdoor folding chairs stackable,outdoor cosmetic chairs stackable,outdoor acrylic chairs stackable,outdoor vinyl chairs stackable,outdoor plastic chairs stacking,outdoor plastic patio chairs,outdoor plastic chairs combo,outdoor plastic chairs nesting,outdoor plastic chairs combination,camping plastic chairs stackable,garden plastic chairs stackable,swimming plastic chairs stackable,free plastic chairs stackable,adventure plastic chairs stackable,outdoor plastic seats stackable,outdoor plastic stool stackable,outdoor plastic equipment stackable,outdoor plastic set stackable,outdoor plastic sofa stackable Comments Comments are closed. Recent Posts Courtyard Creations Brz Stacking Chair Kts021w Aluminum/Steel Patio Chairs to Buy Cheapest Prices Polywood Outdoor Furniture Nautical Stackable Chaise Lounge with Arms, Mahogany-Recyled Plastic Materials to Buy Cheapest Prices FC8000NBFolding Chair with Mocha Plastic Seat and Back and Mocha Frame 4 Pack to Compare Prices Clay Adirondack Chair to Save Big RED Adirondack Ottoman to Buy Lowest Prices Eagle One Recycled Plastic Stackable Chair Driftwood to Enjoy Savings And Selection Adams Mfg Co Clay Missio Stack Chair 8259-23-3700 Resin Patio Chairs to Compare Prices And Save Big Adams Mfg./Patio Furn. 8420-49-3731 Kids Stackable resin Chair to Enjoy Big Savings Tags Adirondack Chairs Compare Plastic Prices Savings Stackable Powered by WordPress and Created for Outdoor Plastic Chairs Stackable | Patio Table Store http //outdoorplasticchairsstackable.patiotablestore.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com Web Toolbar by Wibiya')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01099', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Outdoor Plastic Chairs Stackable Adams Mfg Co Clay Missio Stack Chair 8259-23-3700 Resin Patio Chairs to Compare Prices And Save Big Adams Mfg./Patio Furn. 8420-49-3731 Kids Stackable resin Chair to Enjoy Big Savings Adams Mfg./Patio Furn. 8420-49-3731 Kids Stackable resin Chair to Discount Adams Mfg./Patio Furn. 8420-49-3731 Kids Stackable resin Chair on Lowest Prices Everything you need to know on Adams Mfg./Patio Furn. 8420-49-3731 Kids Stackable resin Chair product. Find more about Adams Mfg./Patio Furn. 8420-49-3731 Kids Stackable resin Chair product features, compare similar Adams Mfg./Patio Furn. 8420-49-3731 Kids Stackable resin Chair products, see reviews and price trends, and find providers of Adams Mfg./Patio Furn. 8420-49-3731 Kids Stackable resin Chair Shop Online. read more Adams Mfg./Patio Furn. 8420-49-3731 Kids Stackable resin Chair description Designed for kids only. Rounded edges and durable all weather resin constuction make this chair a perfect addition to any play space indoors or outdoors. Armchair can be stacked for easy display and merchandised with other resin furniture to maximize sales opportunities. Recommended for ages 2 to 6 years. 13.13 L. x 15.5 W. x 20.63 H. Strong enough to hold up to 50 lb. Made in U.S.A. We find promotion price for Adams Mfg./Patio Furn. 8420-49-3731 Kids Stackable resin Chair with super save shipping, Don\\ t miss this chance !! Thanksgiving Day Deals For This Year. Do not miss Adams Mfg./Patio Furn. 8420-49-3731 Kids Stackable resin Chair product. Decided to COL4 it now. The cheapest place I have seen this Adams Mfg./Patio Furn. 8420-49-3731 Kids Stackable resin Chair is Shop Online. Click here find discount Adams Mfg./Patio Furn. 8420-49-3731 Kids Stackable resin Chair now. Title 4 30 Relate keywords outdoor plastic chairs stackable,outdoor resin chairs stackable,outdoor folding chairs stackable,outdoor cosmetic chairs stackable,outdoor acrylic chairs stackable,outdoor vinyl chairs stackable,outdoor plastic chairs stacking,outdoor plastic patio chairs,outdoor plastic chairs combo,outdoor plastic chairs nesting,outdoor plastic chairs combination,camping plastic chairs stackable,garden plastic chairs stackable,swimming plastic chairs stackable,free plastic chairs stackable,adventure plastic chairs stackable,outdoor plastic seats stackable,outdoor plastic stool stackable,outdoor plastic equipment stackable,outdoor plastic set stackable,outdoor plastic sofa stackable Comments Comments are closed. Recent Posts Courtyard Creations Brz Stacking Chair Kts021w Aluminum/Steel Patio Chairs to Buy Cheapest Prices Polywood Outdoor Furniture Nautical Stackable Chaise Lounge with Arms, Mahogany-Recyled Plastic Materials to Buy Cheapest Prices FC8000NBFolding Chair with Mocha Plastic Seat and Back and Mocha Frame 4 Pack to Compare Prices Clay Adirondack Chair to Save Big RED Adirondack Ottoman to Buy Lowest Prices Eagle One Recycled Plastic Stackable Chair Driftwood to Enjoy Savings And Selection Adams Mfg Co Clay Missio Stack Chair 8259-23-3700 Resin Patio Chairs to Compare Prices And Save Big Adams Mfg./Patio Furn. 8420-49-3731 Kids Stackable resin Chair to Enjoy Big Savings Tags Adirondack Chairs Compare Plastic Prices Savings Stackable Powered by WordPress and Created for Outdoor Plastic Chairs Stackable | Patio Table Store http //outdoorplasticchairsstackable.patiotablestore.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com Web Toolbar by Wibiya')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01100', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Outdoor Plastic Chairs Stackable Polywood Outdoor Furniture Nautical Stackable Chaise Lounge with Arms, Mahogany-Recyled Plastic Materials to Buy Cheapest Prices Courtyard Creations Brz Stacking Chair Kts021w Aluminum/Steel Patio Chairs to Buy Cheapest Prices Courtyard Creations Brz Stacking Chair Kts021w Aluminum/Steel Patio Chairs to Low Prices Courtyard Creations Brz Stacking Chair Kts021w Aluminum/Steel Patio Chairs on Quick shipping Everything you need to know on Courtyard Creations Brz Stacking Chair Kts021w Aluminum/Steel Patio Chairs product. Search more about Courtyard Creations Brz Stacking Chair Kts021w Aluminum/Steel Patio Chairs product features, compare similar Courtyard Creations Brz Stacking Chair Kts021w Aluminum/Steel Patio Chairs products, see reviews and price trends, and find the reccommend products Courtyard Creations Brz Stacking Chair Kts021w Aluminum/Steel Patio Chairs Shop Online. read more Courtyard Creations Brz Stacking Chair Kts021w Aluminum/Steel Patio Chairs description Woodfield Collection stacking patio chair features dark bronze/tan, powder-coated frame finish. Tan Textilene sling. Dimensions 29 x 22 x 40 . To find other pieces from the Woodfield Collection, search using keyword Woodfield. We find inexpensive price for Courtyard Creations Brz Stacking Chair Kts021w Aluminum/Steel Patio Chairs with super save shipping, Don\\ t miss this chance !! Weekend Deals For This Year. Do not miss Courtyard Creations Brz Stacking Chair Kts021w Aluminum/Steel Patio Chairs product. Decided to COL4 it online now. The cheapest place I have seen this Courtyard Creations Brz Stacking Chair Kts021w Aluminum/Steel Patio Chairs is Shop Online. Click here find super low price Courtyard Creations Brz Stacking Chair Kts021w Aluminum/Steel Patio Chairs now. Title 4 28 Relate keywords outdoor plastic chairs stackable,outdoor resin chairs stackable,outdoor folding chairs stackable,outdoor cosmetic chairs stackable,outdoor acrylic chairs stackable,outdoor vinyl chairs stackable,outdoor plastic chairs stacking,outdoor plastic patio chairs,outdoor plastic chairs combo,outdoor plastic chairs nesting,outdoor plastic chairs combination,camping plastic chairs stackable,garden plastic chairs stackable,swimming plastic chairs stackable,free plastic chairs stackable,adventure plastic chairs stackable,outdoor plastic seats stackable,outdoor plastic stool stackable,outdoor plastic equipment stackable,outdoor plastic set stackable,outdoor plastic sofa stackable Comments Comments are closed. Recent Posts Courtyard Creations Brz Stacking Chair Kts021w Aluminum/Steel Patio Chairs to Buy Cheapest Prices Polywood Outdoor Furniture Nautical Stackable Chaise Lounge with Arms, Mahogany-Recyled Plastic Materials to Buy Cheapest Prices FC8000NBFolding Chair with Mocha Plastic Seat and Back and Mocha Frame 4 Pack to Compare Prices Clay Adirondack Chair to Save Big RED Adirondack Ottoman to Buy Lowest Prices Eagle One Recycled Plastic Stackable Chair Driftwood to Enjoy Savings And Selection Adams Mfg Co Clay Missio Stack Chair 8259-23-3700 Resin Patio Chairs to Compare Prices And Save Big Adams Mfg./Patio Furn. 8420-49-3731 Kids Stackable resin Chair to Enjoy Big Savings Tags Adirondack Chairs Compare Plastic Prices Savings Stackable Powered by WordPress and Created for Outdoor Plastic Chairs Stackable | Patio Table Store http //outdoorplasticchairsstackable.patiotablestore.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com Web Toolbar by Wibiya')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01101', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Outdoor Plastic Chairs Stackable Clay Adirondack Chair to Save Big Polywood Outdoor Furniture Nautical Stackable Chaise Lounge with Arms, Mahogany-Recyled Plastic Materials to Buy Cheapest Prices FC8000NBFolding Chair with Mocha Plastic Seat and Back and Mocha Frame 4 Pack to Compare Prices FC8000NBFolding Chair with Mocha Plastic Seat and Back and Mocha Frame 4 Pack to Discount FC8000NBFolding Chair with Mocha Plastic Seat and Back and Mocha Frame 4 Pack For Shopping Deals Everything you need to know on FC8000NBFolding Chair with Mocha Plastic Seat and Back and Mocha Frame 4 Pack product. See more about FC8000NBFolding Chair with Mocha Plastic Seat and Back and Mocha Frame 4 Pack product features, compare similar FC8000NBFolding Chair with Mocha Plastic Seat and Back and Mocha Frame 4 Pack products, see reviews and price trends, and find the best promotions FC8000NBFolding Chair with Mocha Plastic Seat and Back and Mocha Frame 4 Pack Shop Online. read more FC8000NBFolding Chair with Mocha Plastic Seat and Back and Mocha Frame 4 Pack description Ventilated Mocha Plastic Seat and Back Gangable and Stackable Mocha Finish Frame GREENGUARD Indoor Air Quality Certified Dimensions Seat Size . 16W x 16.5DBack Size . 19W x 9.5HMax. Overall Size . 19W x 20.5D x 32HSeat Height Min . 17.75 FixedCube . 3.7Carton Dimensions . 40 x 20 x 8 Some assembly may be required. Please see product details. We find reasonable price for FC8000NBFolding Chair with Mocha Plastic Seat and Back and Mocha Frame 4 Pack with super save shipping, Don\\ t miss this chance !! Set of 4 Ventilated brown plastic seat and back Gangable and stackable Brown finish frame Seat 16 in. W x 16.5 in. D Thanksgiving Day Deals For This Year. Do not miss FC8000NBFolding Chair with Mocha Plastic Seat and Back and Mocha Frame 4 Pack product. Decided to COL4 it online now. The cheapest place I have seen this FC8000NBFolding Chair with Mocha Plastic Seat and Back and Mocha Frame 4 Pack is Shop Online. Click here find discount FC8000NBFolding Chair with Mocha Plastic Seat and Back and Mocha Frame 4 Pack now. Title 4 28 Relate keywords outdoor plastic chairs stackable,outdoor resin chairs stackable,outdoor folding chairs stackable,outdoor cosmetic chairs stackable,outdoor acrylic chairs stackable,outdoor vinyl chairs stackable,outdoor plastic chairs stacking,outdoor plastic patio chairs,outdoor plastic chairs combo,outdoor plastic chairs nesting,outdoor plastic chairs combination,camping plastic chairs stackable,garden plastic chairs stackable,swimming plastic chairs stackable,free plastic chairs stackable,adventure plastic chairs stackable,outdoor plastic seats stackable,outdoor plastic stool stackable,outdoor plastic equipment stackable,outdoor plastic set stackable,outdoor plastic sofa stackable Comments Comments are closed. Recent Posts Courtyard Creations Brz Stacking Chair Kts021w Aluminum/Steel Patio Chairs to Buy Cheapest Prices Polywood Outdoor Furniture Nautical Stackable Chaise Lounge with Arms, Mahogany-Recyled Plastic Materials to Buy Cheapest Prices FC8000NBFolding Chair with Mocha Plastic Seat and Back and Mocha Frame 4 Pack to Compare Prices Clay Adirondack Chair to Save Big RED Adirondack Ottoman to Buy Lowest Prices Eagle One Recycled Plastic Stackable Chair Driftwood to Enjoy Savings And Selection Adams Mfg Co Clay Missio Stack Chair 8259-23-3700 Resin Patio Chairs to Compare Prices And Save Big Adams Mfg./Patio Furn. 8420-49-3731 Kids Stackable resin Chair to Enjoy Big Savings Tags Adirondack Chairs Compare Plastic Prices Savings Stackable Powered by WordPress and Created for Outdoor Plastic Chairs Stackable | Patio Table Store http //outdoorplasticchairsstackable.patiotablestore.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com Web Toolbar by Wibiya')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01102', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Outdoor Plastic Chairs Stackable FC8000NBFolding Chair with Mocha Plastic Seat and Back and Mocha Frame 4 Pack to Compare Prices Courtyard Creations Brz Stacking Chair Kts021w Aluminum/Steel Patio Chairs to Buy Cheapest Prices Polywood Outdoor Furniture Nautical Stackable Chaise Lounge with Arms, Mahogany-Recyled Plastic Materials to Buy Cheapest Prices Polywood Outdoor Furniture Nautical Stackable Chaise Lounge with Arms, Mahogany-Recyled Plastic Materials to Buy Low Price Polywood Outdoor Furniture Nautical Stackable Chaise Lounge with Arms, Mahogany-Recyled Plastic Materials Shop and Save Everything you need to know on Polywood Outdoor Furniture Nautical Stackable Chaise Lounge with Arms, Mahogany-Recyled Plastic Materials product. Search more about Polywood Outdoor Furniture Nautical Stackable Chaise Lounge with Arms, Mahogany-Recyled Plastic Materials product features, compare similar Polywood Outdoor Furniture Nautical Stackable Chaise Lounge with Arms, Mahogany-Recyled Plastic Materials products, see reviews and price trends, and find the promotions Polywood Outdoor Furniture Nautical Stackable Chaise Lounge with Arms, Mahogany-Recyled Plastic Materials Shop Online. read more Polywood Outdoor Furniture Nautical Stackable Chaise Lounge with Arms, Mahogany-Recyled Plastic Materials description The Nautical collection from Poly-wood has been designed to mix and match to create your own custom collection. Each piece is constructed of an amazingly strong and durable recycled plastic polymer that is crafted to look and feel like real wood. We find cool saving price for Polywood Outdoor Furniture Nautical Stackable Chaise Lounge with Arms, Mahogany-Recyled Plastic Materials with super save shipping, Don\\ t miss this chance !! Easy to maintain polywood nautical stackable chaise lounge with arms; stackable for easy storage Assembled with stainless steel hardware with xylan coating; clean with simple soap and water to make your furniture look new again Constructed from recycled polywood lumber; poly-wood is an eco-friendly solution to wood and completely recyclable; made in USA UV stabilized colors will eliminate the need for painting, staining, waterproofing, stripping or resurfacing your furniture Measures 26-inches in width by 80-inches in depth by 38-inches in height Cyber Monday Deals For This Year. Do not miss Polywood Outdoor Furniture Nautical Stackable Chaise Lounge with Arms, Mahogany-Recyled Plastic Materials product. Decided to COL4 it online now. The cheapest place I have seen this Polywood Outdoor Furniture Nautical Stackable Chaise Lounge with Arms, Mahogany-Recyled Plastic Materials is Shop Online. Click here find cool saving Polywood Outdoor Furniture Nautical Stackable Chaise Lounge with Arms, Mahogany-Recyled Plastic Materials now. Title 4 16 Relate keywords outdoor plastic chairs stackable,outdoor resin chairs stackable,outdoor folding chairs stackable,outdoor cosmetic chairs stackable,outdoor acrylic chairs stackable,outdoor vinyl chairs stackable,outdoor plastic chairs stacking,outdoor plastic patio chairs,outdoor plastic chairs combo,outdoor plastic chairs nesting,outdoor plastic chairs combination,camping plastic chairs stackable,garden plastic chairs stackable,swimming plastic chairs stackable,free plastic chairs stackable,adventure plastic chairs stackable,outdoor plastic seats stackable,outdoor plastic stool stackable,outdoor plastic equipment stackable,outdoor plastic set stackable,outdoor plastic sofa stackable Comments Comments are closed. Recent Posts Courtyard Creations Brz Stacking Chair Kts021w Aluminum/Steel Patio Chairs to Buy Cheapest Prices Polywood Outdoor Furniture Nautical Stackable Chaise Lounge with Arms, Mahogany-Recyled Plastic Materials to Buy Cheapest Prices FC8000NBFolding Chair with Mocha Plastic Seat and Back and Mocha Frame 4 Pack to Compare Prices Clay Adirondack Chair to Save Big RED Adirondack Ottoman to Buy Lowest Prices Eagle One Recycled Plastic Stackable Chair Driftwood to Enjoy Savings And Selection Adams Mfg Co Clay Missio Stack Chair 8259-23-3700 Resin Patio Chairs to Compare Prices And Save Big Adams Mfg./Patio Furn. 8420-49-3731 Kids Stackable resin Chair to Enjoy Big Savings Tags Adirondack Chairs Compare Plastic Prices Savings Stackable Powered by WordPress and Created for Outdoor Plastic Chairs Stackable | Patio Table Store http //outdoorplasticchairsstackable.patiotablestore.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com Web Toolbar by Wibiya')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01104', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Patio Table Covers With Umbrella Hole Protective Covers 1357 Weatherproof Outdoor Furniture Cover, 108-inch x 60-inch x 30-inch Save Price with Promotion Today Amazing Prices on Protective Covers 1357 Weatherproof Outdoor Furniture Cover, 108-inch x 60-inch x 30-inch Lowest Price Here For Buy Protective Covers 1357 Weatherproof Outdoor Furniture Cover, 108-inch x 60-inch x 30-inch on Sale Discount Today !! See Lowest Price Here Promotions For Black Friday Deals Protective Covers 1357 Weatherproof Outdoor Furniture Cover, 108-inch x 60-inch x 30-inch . This store is the best place to buy cheap Protective Covers 1357 Weatherproof Outdoor Furniture Cover, 108-inch x 60-inch x 30-inch. If you want to purchase Protective Covers 1357 Weatherproof Outdoor Furniture Cover, 108-inch x 60-inch x 30-inch in the great price, click on Order Now button or click on Compare Best Price button to see special offers and read more customer reviews. Your order will be delivered within 5-8 business days and FREE with Super Saver Shipping For Order More 25usd . Hurry Up !! This price promotion is time limited. Order the best price from this page. read more Read the rest of this entry Tags 108inch , 30inch , 60inch , Cover , Covers , Furniture , Furniture Protective , Outdoor , Promotion , Protective , Protective Covers , Weatherproof Patio Table Covers Rectangular 72 x 48 x 25 Green Best Offer Promotion Buy and Save on Patio Table Covers Rectangular 72 x 48 x 25 Green Lowest Price Here For Buy Patio Table Covers Rectangular 72 x 48 x 25 Green Today Discount Now !! Lowest Price Cyber Monday Deals For Buy Patio Table Covers Rectangular 72 x 48 x 25 Green . This store is the best place to buy cheap Patio Table Covers Rectangular 72 x 48 x 25 Green. If you want to purchase Patio Table Covers Rectangular 72 x 48 x 25 Green in the great price, click on Order Now button or click on Compare Best Price button to see special offers and read more customer reviews. Your order will be delivered within 5-8 business days and FREE with Super Saver Shipping For Order More 25usd . Hurry Up !! This price promotion is time limited. Order the best price from this page. read more Read the rest of this entry Tags Covers , Promotion , Promotion Covers , rectangular , Rectangular Promotion Round Outdoor Table & Chair Cover Save Price with Promotion Today Big Save on Round Outdoor Table & Chair Cover See Lowest Price Here Discount Round Outdoor Table & Chair Cover Today Discount Today !! See Lowest Price Here For Black Friday Discount Round Outdoor Table & Chair Cover . This store is the best place to buy cheap Round Outdoor Table & Chair Cover. If you want to purchase Round Outdoor Table & Chair Cover in the great price, click on Order Now button or click on Compare Best Price button to see special offers and read more customer reviews. Your order will be delivered within 5-8 business days and FREE with Super Saver Shipping For Order More 25usd . Hurry Up !! This price promotion is time limited. Order the best price from this page. read more Read the rest of this entry Tags Outdoor , Outdoor Promotion , Promotion , Promotion Outdoor Premium Sandstone Beige Tron-weve 48 Round Table & High Back Chair Cover w/ Umbrella Hole Promotions Discount Super Low Prices Premium Sandstone Beige Tron-weve 48 Round Table & High Back Chair Cover w/ Umbrella Hole See Lowest Price Here Discount Premium Sandstone Beige Tron-weve 48 Round Table & High Back Chair Cover w/ Umbrella Hole from Besellers Cheap Price !! See Lowest Price Here For Cyber Monday Discount Premium Sandstone Beige Tron-weve 48 Round Table & High Back Chair Cover w/ Umbrella Hole . This store is the best place to buy cheap Premium Sandstone Beige Tron-weve 48 Round Table & High Back Chair Cover w/ Umbrella Hole. If you want to purchase Premium Sandstone Beige Tron-weve 48 Round Table & High Back Chair Cover w/ Umbrella Hole in the great price, click on Order Now button or click on Compare Best Price button to see special offers and read more customer reviews. Your order will be delivered within 5-8 business days and FREE with Super Saver Shipping For Order More 25usd . Hurry Up !! This price promotion is time limited. Order the best price from this page. read more Read the rest of this entry Tags Discount , Premium , Promotions , Promotions Sandstone , Promotions Umbrella , Sandstone , Tronweve , Umbrella Patio Set Covers 120 L x 86 W fits rectangular and oval shape table set Save Price Shopping Online Compare & Save on Patio Set Covers 120 L x 86 W fits rectangular and oval shape table set Lowest Price Here For Buy Patio Set Covers 120 L x 86 W fits rectangular and oval shape table set from Besellers Best Value !! See Lowest Price Here For Cyber Monday Discount Patio Set Covers 120 L x 86 W fits rectangular and oval shape table set . This store is the best place to buy cheap Patio Set Covers 120 L x 86 W fits rectangular and oval shape table set. If you want to purchase Patio Set Covers 120 L x 86 W fits rectangular and oval shape table set in the great price, click on Order Now button or click on Compare Best Price button to see special offers and read more customer reviews. Your order will be delivered within 5-8 business days and FREE with Super Saver Shipping For Order More 25usd . Hurry Up !! This price promotion is time limited. Order the best price from this page. read more Read the rest of this entry Tags Covers , Covers rectangular , Online , rectangular , Shopping , Shopping Covers Round Table Cover 60 x 25 Khaki Best Offer Promotion Huge Savings on Round Table Cover 60 x 25 Khaki See Lowest Price Here Promotions for Round Table Cover 60 x 25 Khaki from Besellers Hot Price !! Lowest Price Black Friday Deals For Buy Round Table Cover 60 x 25 Khaki . This store is the best place to buy cheap Round Table Cover 60 x 25 Khaki. If you want to purchase Round Table Cover 60 x 25 Khaki in the great price, click on Order Now button or click on Compare Best Price button to see special offers and read more customer reviews. Your order will be delivered within 5-8 business days and FREE with Super Saver Shipping For Order More 25usd . Hurry Up !! This price promotion is time limited. Order the best price from this page. read more Read the rest of this entry Tags Promotion Household Essentials 1600 12-Line Outdoor Umbrella-Style Clothes Dryer with Aluminum Arms Save Price Enjoy Savings & Selection on Household Essentials 1600 12-Line Outdoor Umbrella-Style Clothes Dryer with Aluminum Arms Lowest Price Here For Buy Household Essentials 1600 12-Line Outdoor Umbrella-Style Clothes Dryer with Aluminum Arms from Besellers Save Price !! See Lowest Price Here Promotions For Black Friday Deals Household Essentials 1600 12-Line Outdoor Umbrella-Style Clothes Dryer with Aluminum Arms . This store is the best place to buy cheap Household Essentials 1600 12-Line Outdoor Umbrella-Style Clothes Dryer with Aluminum Arms. If you want to purchase Household Essentials 1600 12-Line Outdoor Umbrella-Style Clothes Dryer with Aluminum Arms in the great price, click on Order Now button or click on Compare Best Price button to see special offers and read more customer reviews. Your order will be delivered within 5-8 business days and FREE with Super Saver Shipping For Order More 25usd . Hurry Up !! This price promotion is time limited. Order the best price from this page. read more Read the rest of this entry Tags 12Line , Aluminum , Aluminum 12Line , Clothes , Essentials , Household , Outdoor , UmbrellaStyle , UmbrellaStyle Household Round Outdoor Table Covers 72 Khaki Cheapest Prices Enjoy Savings on Round Outdoor Table Covers 72 Khaki See Lowest Price Here Cheap Round Outdoor Table Covers 72 Khaki from Besellers Hot Price !! See Lowest Price Here Promotions For Black Friday Deals Round Outdoor Table Covers 72 Khaki . This store is the best place to buy cheap Round Outdoor Table Covers 72 Khaki. If you want to purchase Round Outdoor Table Covers 72 Khaki in the great price, click on Order Now button or click on Compare Best Price button to see special offers and read more customer reviews. Your order will be delivered within 5-8 business days and FREE with Super Saver Shipping For Order More 25usd . Hurry Up !! This price promotion is time limited. Order the best price from this page. read more Read the rest of this entry Tags Cheapest , Covers , Outdoor , Outdoor Covers , Outdoor Prices , Prices Recent Posts Protective Covers 1357 Weatherproof Outdoor Furniture Cover, 108-inch x 60-inch x 30-inch Save Price with Promotion Today Patio Table Covers Rectangular 72 x 48 x 25 Green Best Offer Promotion Round Outdoor Table & Chair Cover Save Price with Promotion Today Premium Sandstone Beige Tron-weve 48 Round Table & High Back Chair Cover w/ Umbrella Hole Promotions Discount Patio Set Covers 120 L x 86 W fits rectangular and oval shape table set Save Price Shopping Online Round Table Cover 60 x 25 Khaki Best Offer Promotion Household Essentials 1600 12-Line Outdoor Umbrella-Style Clothes Dryer with Aluminum Arms Save Price Round Outdoor Table Covers 72 Khaki Cheapest Prices Tags 12Line 30inch 60inch 108inch Aluminum Aluminum 12Line Cheapest Clothes Cover Covers Covers rectangular Discount Essentials Furniture Furniture Protective Household Online Outdoor Outdoor Covers Outdoor Prices Outdoor Promotion Premium Prices Promotion Promotion Covers Promotion Outdoor Promotions Promotions Sandstone Promotions Umbrella Protective Protective Covers rectangular Rectangular Promotion Sandstone Shopping Shopping Covers Tronweve Umbrella UmbrellaStyle UmbrellaStyle Household Weatherproof Powered by WordPress and Created for Patio Table Covers With Umbrella Hole | Deck Furniture Sale http //patiotablecoverswithumbrellahole.deckfurnituresale.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com Web Toolbar by Wibiya')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01105', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Patio Table Covers With Umbrella Hole Round Outdoor Table Covers 72 Khaki Cheapest Prices Round Table Cover 60 x 25 Khaki Best Offer Promotion Household Essentials 1600 12-Line Outdoor Umbrella-Style Clothes Dryer with Aluminum Arms Save Price Enjoy Savings & Selection on Household Essentials 1600 12-Line Outdoor Umbrella-Style Clothes Dryer with Aluminum Arms Lowest Price Here For Buy Household Essentials 1600 12-Line Outdoor Umbrella-Style Clothes Dryer with Aluminum Arms from Besellers Save Price !! See Lowest Price Here Promotions For Black Friday Deals Household Essentials 1600 12-Line Outdoor Umbrella-Style Clothes Dryer with Aluminum Arms . This store is the best place to buy cheap Household Essentials 1600 12-Line Outdoor Umbrella-Style Clothes Dryer with Aluminum Arms. If you want to purchase Household Essentials 1600 12-Line Outdoor Umbrella-Style Clothes Dryer with Aluminum Arms in the great price, click on Order Now button or click on Compare Best Price button to see special offers and read more customer reviews. Your order will be delivered within 5-8 business days and FREE with Super Saver Shipping For Order More 25usd . Hurry Up !! This price promotion is time limited. Order the best price from this page. read more Household Essentials 1600 12-Line Outdoor Umbrella-Style Clothes Dryer with Aluminum Arms description Save money and energy with this WHITNEY DESIGN outdoor 12-line umbrella style laundry dryer. Not only does the dryer allow drying clothes the natural way, but it is also an energy saver. It features a two piece post made from corrosion resisting galvanized steel. The upper dryer arms are aluminum. The dryer features 12 vinyl coated lines that provide 165 feet of linear drying space. All the drying lines are pre-strung and require no assembly. The dryer comes with a one piece plastic ground sleeve that anchors the post into the ground. The top arms can be folded for easy storage when not being used as a dryer. It measures 73 wide x 73 deep x 72 high. Item #1600. Price List $44.99 Check Qualified Low Price Guarantee Where to Enjoy Savings And Selection Household Essentials 1600 12-Line Outdoor Umbrella-Style Clothes Dryer with Aluminum Arms Review Umbrella-style clothes dryer opens and closes easily 12 vinyl-coated lines provide 165 feet of linear drying space Aluminum arms; 2-piece galvanized steel post Plastic ground sleeve anchors post into the ground Measures 73 by 73 by 72 inches Are you looking Household Essentials 1600 12-Line Outdoor Umbrella-Style Clothes Dryer with Aluminum Arms sales or crazy prices for Thanksgiving Day Deals 2011 I have seen this Household Essentials 1600 12-Line Outdoor Umbrella-Style Clothes Dryer with Aluminum Arms is on Amazon. Now price much lower than the day before. I think you will like it. Click here to get the Household Essentials 1600 12-Line Outdoor Umbrella-Style Clothes Dryer with Aluminum Arms on Amazon where it is currently on sale cheaper than anywhere else I have seen. Title 4 17 Relate keywords patio table covers with umbrella hole,patio table pads with umbrella hole,patio table linens with umbrella hole,patio table skirts with umbrella hole,patio table tops with umbrella hole,patio table felt with umbrella hole,french table covers with umbrella hole,garden table covers with umbrella hole,deck table covers with umbrella hole,sliding table covers with umbrella hole,porch table covers with umbrella hole,patio table umbrella hole set covers,glass table covers with umbrella hole,screen table covers with umbrella hole,patio table covers with umbrella hole round,patio table covers with umbrella hole chair,patio table covers with,pool table covers with umbrella hole,backyard table covers with umbrella hole,patio table covers with umbrella hole velcro,patio table umbrella hole covers protective Comments Tags 12Line , Aluminum , Aluminum 12Line , Clothes , Essentials , Household , Outdoor , UmbrellaStyle , UmbrellaStyle Household Comments are closed. Recent Posts Protective Covers 1357 Weatherproof Outdoor Furniture Cover, 108-inch x 60-inch x 30-inch Save Price with Promotion Today Patio Table Covers Rectangular 72 x 48 x 25 Green Best Offer Promotion Round Outdoor Table & Chair Cover Save Price with Promotion Today Premium Sandstone Beige Tron-weve 48 Round Table & High Back Chair Cover w/ Umbrella Hole Promotions Discount Patio Set Covers 120 L x 86 W fits rectangular and oval shape table set Save Price Shopping Online Round Table Cover 60 x 25 Khaki Best Offer Promotion Household Essentials 1600 12-Line Outdoor Umbrella-Style Clothes Dryer with Aluminum Arms Save Price Round Outdoor Table Covers 72 Khaki Cheapest Prices Tags 12Line 30inch 60inch 108inch Aluminum Aluminum 12Line Cheapest Clothes Cover Covers Covers rectangular Discount Essentials Furniture Furniture Protective Household Online Outdoor Outdoor Covers Outdoor Prices Outdoor Promotion Premium Prices Promotion Promotion Covers Promotion Outdoor Promotions Promotions Sandstone Promotions Umbrella Protective Protective Covers rectangular Rectangular Promotion Sandstone Shopping Shopping Covers Tronweve Umbrella UmbrellaStyle UmbrellaStyle Household Weatherproof Powered by WordPress and Created for Patio Table Covers With Umbrella Hole | Deck Furniture Sale http //patiotablecoverswithumbrellahole.deckfurnituresale.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com Web Toolbar by Wibiya')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01106', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Patio Table Covers With Umbrella Hole Round Outdoor Table & Chair Cover Save Price with Promotion Today Patio Table Covers Rectangular 72 x 48 x 25 Green Best Offer Promotion Buy and Save on Patio Table Covers Rectangular 72 x 48 x 25 Green Lowest Price Here For Buy Patio Table Covers Rectangular 72 x 48 x 25 Green Today Discount Now !! Lowest Price Cyber Monday Deals For Buy Patio Table Covers Rectangular 72 x 48 x 25 Green . This store is the best place to buy cheap Patio Table Covers Rectangular 72 x 48 x 25 Green. If you want to purchase Patio Table Covers Rectangular 72 x 48 x 25 Green in the great price, click on Order Now button or click on Compare Best Price button to see special offers and read more customer reviews. Your order will be delivered within 5-8 business days and FREE with Super Saver Shipping For Order More 25usd . Hurry Up !! This price promotion is time limited. Order the best price from this page. read more Patio Table Covers Rectangular 72 x 48 x 25 Green description Choose from a complete assortment of patio table covers and table and chair covers in our hunter green vinyl CoverMates Classic line. We offer three shapes of outside table covers including rectangular for oval and rectangular tables , oval for rectangular and oval tables and round for square and round tables . All three patio table covers do not include a hole for an umbrella. One of our rectangular patio table covers does include a hole. If you need other outside table covers with an umbrella hole, choose from our table and chair cover selections in the drop down menu above.Round 42 patio table covers no hole will fit a round surface area up to 42 inches in diameter or a square surface area up to 30 inchesby 30 inches.Round 60 patio table covers no hole will fit a round surface area up to 60 inches in diameter or a square surface area up to 42 inches by 42 inches.Round 72 patio table covers no hole will fit a round surface area up to 72 inches in diameter or a square surface area up to 50 inches by 50 inches.Rectangular 62 long by 36 wide patio table covers no hole will fit rectangle shaped surfaces up to 60 x 36 and oval shaped surfaces up to the same 62 x 36 dimensions.Rectangular 72 long by 48 wide patio table covers with hole will fit rectangle shaped surfaces up to 70 x 48 and oval shaped surfaces up to the same 72 x 48 dimensions.Rectangular 84 long by 42 wide patio table covers no hole will fit rectangle shaped surfaces up to 80 x 42 and oval shaped surfaces up to the same 84 x 42 dimensions.Oval patio table covers 78 long by 48 wide patio table covers no hole will coveroval shaped surfaces that are the same dimensions and rectangular shaped surfaces that are up to 54 long by 32 wide to ensure that the corners of the table are properly covered.All covers have a generous 25 inch drop towards the ground.Generally, Price List $50.00 Check Qualified Low Price Guarantee Where to Big Save Patio Table Covers Rectangular 72 x 48 x 25 Green Deals Today Highly water-resistant, high quality khaki beige polyester fabric Treated solution-dyed polyester provides superior weather and fade-resistance Locking drawcord with extra-strength cord keeps cover secure Included buckle straps provide extra security Protects from rain, snow, dirt, bird droppings, tree sap, and harmful UV rays Are you looking Patio Table Covers Rectangular 72 x 48 x 25 Green sales or bargain prices for New Years Eve Deals 2011 I have seen this Patio Table Covers Rectangular 72 x 48 x 25 Green is on Amazon. Now price much lower than the day before. I think you will like it. Click here to check out the Patio Table Covers Rectangular 72 x 48 x 25 Green on Amazon where it is currently on sale cheaper than anywhere else I have seen. Title 4 29 Relate keywords patio table covers with umbrella hole,patio table pads with umbrella hole,patio table linens with umbrella hole,patio table skirts with umbrella hole,patio table tops with umbrella hole,patio table felt with umbrella hole,french table covers with umbrella hole,garden table covers with umbrella hole,deck table covers with umbrella hole,sliding table covers with umbrella hole,porch table covers with umbrella hole,patio table umbrella hole set covers,glass table covers with umbrella hole,screen table covers with umbrella hole,patio table covers with umbrella hole round,patio table covers with umbrella hole chair,patio table covers with,pool table covers with umbrella hole,backyard table covers with umbrella hole,patio table covers with umbrella hole velcro,patio table umbrella hole covers protective Comments Tags Covers , Promotion , Promotion Covers , rectangular , Rectangular Promotion Comments are closed. Recent Posts Patio Table Covers Rectangular 72 x 48 x 25 Green Best Offer Promotion Round Outdoor Table & Chair Cover Save Price with Promotion Today Premium Sandstone Beige Tron-weve 48 Round Table & High Back Chair Cover w/ Umbrella Hole Promotions Discount Patio Set Covers 120 L x 86 W fits rectangular and oval shape table set Save Price Shopping Online Round Table Cover 60 x 25 Khaki Best Offer Promotion Household Essentials 1600 12-Line Outdoor Umbrella-Style Clothes Dryer with Aluminum Arms Save Price Round Outdoor Table Covers 72 Khaki Cheapest Prices Tags 12Line Aluminum Aluminum 12Line Cheapest Clothes Covers Covers rectangular Discount Essentials Household Online Outdoor Outdoor Covers Outdoor Prices Outdoor Promotion Premium Prices Promotion Promotion Covers Promotion Outdoor Promotions Promotions Sandstone Promotions Umbrella rectangular Rectangular Promotion Sandstone Shopping Shopping Covers Tronweve Umbrella UmbrellaStyle UmbrellaStyle Household Powered by WordPress and Created for Patio Table Covers With Umbrella Hole | Deck Furniture Sale http //patiotablecoverswithumbrellahole.deckfurnituresale.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com Web Toolbar by Wibiya')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01107', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Patio Table Covers With Umbrella Hole Patio Table Covers Rectangular 72 x 48 x 25 Green Best Offer Promotion Protective Covers 1357 Weatherproof Outdoor Furniture Cover, 108-inch x 60-inch x 30-inch Save Price with Promotion Today Amazing Prices on Protective Covers 1357 Weatherproof Outdoor Furniture Cover, 108-inch x 60-inch x 30-inch Lowest Price Here For Buy Protective Covers 1357 Weatherproof Outdoor Furniture Cover, 108-inch x 60-inch x 30-inch on Sale Discount Today !! See Lowest Price Here Promotions For Black Friday Deals Protective Covers 1357 Weatherproof Outdoor Furniture Cover, 108-inch x 60-inch x 30-inch . This store is the best place to buy cheap Protective Covers 1357 Weatherproof Outdoor Furniture Cover, 108-inch x 60-inch x 30-inch. If you want to purchase Protective Covers 1357 Weatherproof Outdoor Furniture Cover, 108-inch x 60-inch x 30-inch in the great price, click on Order Now button or click on Compare Best Price button to see special offers and read more customer reviews. Your order will be delivered within 5-8 business days and FREE with Super Saver Shipping For Order More 25usd . Hurry Up !! This price promotion is time limited. Order the best price from this page. read more Protective Covers 1357 Weatherproof Outdoor Furniture Cover, 108-inch x 60-inch x 30-inch description Made in sizes to fit 60 to 66 Oval or Rectangular Tables with 6 standard chairs. Features a smart Velcro fastening system. Also available with an umbrella hole. Covers are waterproof and have been UV treated to last years outdoors. Vinyl is soft and rich to the touch and will add luxury to your patio while protecting your furniture investment. Price List $77.00 Check Compare Prices With Sellers Where to Save Big Protective Covers 1357 Weatherproof Outdoor Furniture Cover, 108-inch x 60-inch x 30-inch Review Weatherproof patio table-and-chair-set cover with Velcro drawstring Fits oval and rectangular high-back table-and-chair sets 60 to 66 inches long Designed without hole for umbrella; 7-millimeter vinyl shell UV-treated to withstand sun exposure; won t crack in cold or come off in wind Measures 108 inches by 60 with 30-inch drop; 3-year manufacturer warranty Are you looking Protective Covers 1357 Weatherproof Outdoor Furniture Cover, 108-inch x 60-inch x 30-inch sales or reasonable prices for Black Friday Deals 2011 I have seen this Protective Covers 1357 Weatherproof Outdoor Furniture Cover, 108-inch x 60-inch x 30-inch is on Amazon. Now price much lower than the day before. I think you will like it. Click here to get the Protective Covers 1357 Weatherproof Outdoor Furniture Cover, 108-inch x 60-inch x 30-inch on Amazon where it is currently on sale cheaper than anywhere else I have seen. Title 4 19 Relate keywords patio table covers with umbrella hole,patio table pads with umbrella hole,patio table linens with umbrella hole,patio table skirts with umbrella hole,patio table tops with umbrella hole,patio table felt with umbrella hole,french table covers with umbrella hole,garden table covers with umbrella hole,deck table covers with umbrella hole,sliding table covers with umbrella hole,porch table covers with umbrella hole,patio table umbrella hole set covers,glass table covers with umbrella hole,screen table covers with umbrella hole,patio table covers with umbrella hole round,patio table covers with umbrella hole chair,patio table covers with,pool table covers with umbrella hole,backyard table covers with umbrella hole,patio table covers with umbrella hole velcro,patio table umbrella hole covers protective Comments Tags 108inch , 30inch , 60inch , Cover , Covers , Furniture , Furniture Protective , Outdoor , Promotion , Protective , Protective Covers , Weatherproof Comments are closed. Recent Posts Protective Covers 1357 Weatherproof Outdoor Furniture Cover, 108-inch x 60-inch x 30-inch Save Price with Promotion Today Patio Table Covers Rectangular 72 x 48 x 25 Green Best Offer Promotion Round Outdoor Table & Chair Cover Save Price with Promotion Today Premium Sandstone Beige Tron-weve 48 Round Table & High Back Chair Cover w/ Umbrella Hole Promotions Discount Patio Set Covers 120 L x 86 W fits rectangular and oval shape table set Save Price Shopping Online Round Table Cover 60 x 25 Khaki Best Offer Promotion Household Essentials 1600 12-Line Outdoor Umbrella-Style Clothes Dryer with Aluminum Arms Save Price Round Outdoor Table Covers 72 Khaki Cheapest Prices Tags 12Line 30inch 60inch 108inch Aluminum Aluminum 12Line Cheapest Clothes Cover Covers Covers rectangular Discount Essentials Furniture Furniture Protective Household Online Outdoor Outdoor Covers Outdoor Prices Outdoor Promotion Premium Prices Promotion Promotion Covers Promotion Outdoor Promotions Promotions Sandstone Promotions Umbrella Protective Protective Covers rectangular Rectangular Promotion Sandstone Shopping Shopping Covers Tronweve Umbrella UmbrellaStyle UmbrellaStyle Household Weatherproof Powered by WordPress and Created for Patio Table Covers With Umbrella Hole | Deck Furniture Sale http //patiotablecoverswithumbrellahole.deckfurnituresale.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com Web Toolbar by Wibiya')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01108', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Patio Table Covers With Umbrella Hole Premium Sandstone Beige Tron-weve 48 Round Table & High Back Chair Cover w/ Umbrella Hole Promotions Discount Patio Table Covers Rectangular 72 x 48 x 25 Green Best Offer Promotion Round Outdoor Table & Chair Cover Save Price with Promotion Today Big Save on Round Outdoor Table & Chair Cover See Lowest Price Here Discount Round Outdoor Table & Chair Cover Today Discount Today !! See Lowest Price Here For Black Friday Discount Round Outdoor Table & Chair Cover . This store is the best place to buy cheap Round Outdoor Table & Chair Cover. If you want to purchase Round Outdoor Table & Chair Cover in the great price, click on Order Now button or click on Compare Best Price button to see special offers and read more customer reviews. Your order will be delivered within 5-8 business days and FREE with Super Saver Shipping For Order More 25usd . Hurry Up !! This price promotion is time limited. Order the best price from this page. read more Round Outdoor Table & Chair Cover description Unlike other patio covers, these outdoor covers are made of thick vinyl coating that will protect your chairs/table against the fearcest weather conditions. These covers are also reversible. 84 x 84 x 18 . Price List $32.98 Click Here Check Price Now! Before Time Expires and Sold Out Where to Low Prices Round Outdoor Table & Chair Cover Deals Made of thick vinyl coating Protect your chairs against weather conditions Enjoy your outdoor table and chairs year after year Cover is also reversible Size 84 x 84 x 18 inches Are you looking Round Outdoor Table & Chair Cover sales or best prices for Black Friday Deals 2011 I have seen this Round Outdoor Table & Chair Cover is on Amazon. Now price much lower than the day before. I think you will like it. Click here to purchase the Round Outdoor Table & Chair Cover on Amazon where it is currently on sale cheaper than anywhere else I have seen. Title 4 37 Relate keywords patio table covers with umbrella hole,patio table pads with umbrella hole,patio table linens with umbrella hole,patio table skirts with umbrella hole,patio table tops with umbrella hole,patio table felt with umbrella hole,french table covers with umbrella hole,garden table covers with umbrella hole,deck table covers with umbrella hole,sliding table covers with umbrella hole,porch table covers with umbrella hole,patio table umbrella hole set covers,glass table covers with umbrella hole,screen table covers with umbrella hole,patio table covers with umbrella hole round,patio table covers with umbrella hole chair,patio table covers with,pool table covers with umbrella hole,backyard table covers with umbrella hole,patio table covers with umbrella hole velcro,patio table umbrella hole covers protective Comments Tags Outdoor , Outdoor Promotion , Promotion , Promotion Outdoor Comments are closed. Recent Posts Protective Covers 1357 Weatherproof Outdoor Furniture Cover, 108-inch x 60-inch x 30-inch Save Price with Promotion Today Patio Table Covers Rectangular 72 x 48 x 25 Green Best Offer Promotion Round Outdoor Table & Chair Cover Save Price with Promotion Today Premium Sandstone Beige Tron-weve 48 Round Table & High Back Chair Cover w/ Umbrella Hole Promotions Discount Patio Set Covers 120 L x 86 W fits rectangular and oval shape table set Save Price Shopping Online Round Table Cover 60 x 25 Khaki Best Offer Promotion Household Essentials 1600 12-Line Outdoor Umbrella-Style Clothes Dryer with Aluminum Arms Save Price Round Outdoor Table Covers 72 Khaki Cheapest Prices Tags 12Line 30inch 60inch 108inch Aluminum Aluminum 12Line Cheapest Clothes Cover Covers Covers rectangular Discount Essentials Furniture Furniture Protective Household Online Outdoor Outdoor Covers Outdoor Prices Outdoor Promotion Premium Prices Promotion Promotion Covers Promotion Outdoor Promotions Promotions Sandstone Promotions Umbrella Protective Protective Covers rectangular Rectangular Promotion Sandstone Shopping Shopping Covers Tronweve Umbrella UmbrellaStyle UmbrellaStyle Household Weatherproof Powered by WordPress and Created for Patio Table Covers With Umbrella Hole | Deck Furniture Sale http //patiotablecoverswithumbrellahole.deckfurnituresale.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com Web Toolbar by Wibiya')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01109', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Patio Table Covers With Umbrella Hole Household Essentials 1600 12-Line Outdoor Umbrella-Style Clothes Dryer with Aluminum Arms Save Price Round Outdoor Table Covers 72 Khaki Cheapest Prices Enjoy Savings on Round Outdoor Table Covers 72 Khaki See Lowest Price Here Cheap Round Outdoor Table Covers 72 Khaki from Besellers Hot Price !! See Lowest Price Here Promotions For Black Friday Deals Round Outdoor Table Covers 72 Khaki . This store is the best place to buy cheap Round Outdoor Table Covers 72 Khaki. If you want to purchase Round Outdoor Table Covers 72 Khaki in the great price, click on Order Now button or click on Compare Best Price button to see special offers and read more customer reviews. Your order will be delivered within 5-8 business days and FREE with Super Saver Shipping For Order More 25usd . Hurry Up !! This price promotion is time limited. Order the best price from this page. read more Round Outdoor Table Covers 72 Khaki description The Cover Store carries a complete assortment of patio table covers and patio table and chair set covers. This 72 diameter round table cover is designed to be used on an outdoor table without chairsand does not havea hole foran umbrella. If you needother patio table covers that have a hole in the middle, please see our Patio Table Cover overview page or navigate to our other sizes and styles by using the selection tool above. We also have table only covers that are oval and rectangular in shape so you should be able to find a patio table cover that fits your outdoor table!This outside table cover is round, but it will cover both square and round tables. It should cover round tables up to 72 in diameter and square tables up to 50 x 50 . If you need a smaller round patio table cover, see our 54 bistro table cover. It is made of durable yet lightweight 300 denier polyester, so it is easy to put on and take off. There are no straps or ties that need to be fastened. Instead, our outside table covers use an elastic bottom with a built-in draw-cord to keep the cover snug and secure. Built-in mesh vents provide for needed air circulation around the cover to help stop mold and mildew from taking place.As with all of our patio furniture covers from our Elite collection, this round patio table cover is constructed using double stitching on all the seams. We even pay attention to the details on the underside of the patio table cover by surge stitching all the raw edges of the fabric to make sure that there will be no loose threads or unraveling over time. Price List $80.00 Click Here to Order It Now While The Stocks Last Where to Compare Prices And Save Big Round Outdoor Table Covers 72 Khaki Deals Highly water-resistant, high quality khaki beige polyester fabric Elastic hem and adjustable draw cord for locking cover in place Built-in breathing vents minimize condensation and ballooning on windy days Light weight cover allows for easy coverage and reveal Impressive 3-year manufacturer s warranty Are you looking Round Outdoor Table Covers 72 Khaki sales or promotion prices for Cyber Monday Deals 2011 I have seen this Round Outdoor Table Covers 72 Khaki is on Amazon. Now price much lower than the day before. I think you will like it. Click here to get the Round Outdoor Table Covers 72 Khaki on Amazon where it is currently on sale cheaper than anywhere else I have seen. Title 4 15 Relate keywords patio table covers with umbrella hole,patio table pads with umbrella hole,patio table linens with umbrella hole,patio table skirts with umbrella hole,patio table tops with umbrella hole,patio table felt with umbrella hole,french table covers with umbrella hole,garden table covers with umbrella hole,deck table covers with umbrella hole,sliding table covers with umbrella hole,porch table covers with umbrella hole,patio table umbrella hole set covers,glass table covers with umbrella hole,screen table covers with umbrella hole,patio table covers with umbrella hole round,patio table covers with umbrella hole chair,patio table covers with,pool table covers with umbrella hole,backyard table covers with umbrella hole,patio table covers with umbrella hole velcro,patio table umbrella hole covers protective Comments Tags Cheapest , Covers , Outdoor , Outdoor Covers , Outdoor Prices , Prices Comments are closed. Recent Posts Patio Table Covers Rectangular 72 x 48 x 25 Green Best Offer Promotion Round Outdoor Table & Chair Cover Save Price with Promotion Today Premium Sandstone Beige Tron-weve 48 Round Table & High Back Chair Cover w/ Umbrella Hole Promotions Discount Patio Set Covers 120 L x 86 W fits rectangular and oval shape table set Save Price Shopping Online Round Table Cover 60 x 25 Khaki Best Offer Promotion Household Essentials 1600 12-Line Outdoor Umbrella-Style Clothes Dryer with Aluminum Arms Save Price Round Outdoor Table Covers 72 Khaki Cheapest Prices Tags 12Line Aluminum Aluminum 12Line Cheapest Clothes Covers Covers rectangular Discount Essentials Household Online Outdoor Outdoor Covers Outdoor Prices Outdoor Promotion Premium Prices Promotion Promotion Covers Promotion Outdoor Promotions Promotions Sandstone Promotions Umbrella rectangular Rectangular Promotion Sandstone Shopping Shopping Covers Tronweve Umbrella UmbrellaStyle UmbrellaStyle Household Powered by WordPress and Created for Patio Table Covers With Umbrella Hole | Deck Furniture Sale http //patiotablecoverswithumbrellahole.deckfurnituresale.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com Web Toolbar by Wibiya')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01111', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Pedestal Dining Table Base Round Pedestal Wood Brown/Black Dining Table to Enjoy Savings And Selection Get review about Round Pedestal Wood Brown/Black Dining Table online. Purchase Round Pedestal Wood Brown/Black Dining Table and get more reasonable price on Round Pedestal Wood Brown/Black Dining Table. Customer buying Choice Round Pedestal Wood Brown/Black Dining Table. Quick! This promotion with limited time offer. Get Round Pedestal Wood Brown/Black Dining Table Now!. read more Read the rest of this entry Sunset 42 x 66 Pedestal Base Table 5 Piece Dining Set by Sunset Trading on Deals Get information about Sunset 42 x 66 Pedestal Base Table 5 Piece Dining Set by Sunset Trading today. Best order Sunset 42 x 66 Pedestal Base Table 5 Piece Dining Set by Sunset Trading and get more super low price on Sunset 42 x 66 Pedestal Base Table 5 Piece Dining Set by Sunset Trading. Customer buying Choice Sunset 42 x 66 Pedestal Base Table 5 Piece Dining Set by Sunset Trading. Quick! This promotion with limited time offer. Get Sunset 42 x 66 Pedestal Base Table 5 Piece Dining Set by Sunset Trading Now!. read more Read the rest of this entry Powell Turtle Bay Round Base Dining Pedestal with Glass Top Sold Separately For Best Price Get research about Powell Turtle Bay Round Base Dining Pedestal with Glass Top Sold Separately today. Order Powell Turtle Bay Round Base Dining Pedestal with Glass Top Sold Separately and get more cool saving on Powell Turtle Bay Round Base Dining Pedestal with Glass Top Sold Separately. Customer buying Choice Powell Turtle Bay Round Base Dining Pedestal with Glass Top Sold Separately. Quick! This promotion with limited time offer. Get Powell Turtle Bay Round Base Dining Pedestal with Glass Top Sold Separately Now!. read more Read the rest of this entry 71 Rectangle Dining Table W/Crackled Glass Inset and Pedestal Base W/Stainless Steel Accents and Dining Side Chairs Set 7 Pieces at Cool Savings Get information about 71 Rectangle Dining Table W/Crackled Glass Inset and Pedestal Base W/Stainless Steel Accents and Dining Side Chairs Set 7 Pieces today. Best buy 71 Rectangle Dining Table W/Crackled Glass Inset and Pedestal Base W/Stainless Steel Accents and Dining Side Chairs Set 7 Pieces and get more inexpensive price on 71 Rectangle Dining Table W/Crackled Glass Inset and Pedestal Base W/Stainless Steel Accents and Dining Side Chairs Set 7 Pieces. Customer buying Choice 71 Rectangle Dining Table W/Crackled Glass Inset and Pedestal Base W/Stainless Steel Accents and Dining Side Chairs Set 7 Pieces. Quick! This promotion with limited time offer. Get 71 Rectangle Dining Table W/Crackled Glass Inset and Pedestal Base W/Stainless Steel Accents and Dining Side Chairs Set 7 Pieces Now!. read more Read the rest of this entry Carolina Cottage 42-Inch Round Drop Leaf Table, Antique Black to Buy And Save Get review about Carolina Cottage 42-Inch Round Drop Leaf Table, Antique Black online. Buy Carolina Cottage 42-Inch Round Drop Leaf Table, Antique Black and get more reasonable price on Carolina Cottage 42-Inch Round Drop Leaf Table, Antique Black. Customer buying Choice Carolina Cottage 42-Inch Round Drop Leaf Table, Antique Black. Quick! This promotion with limited time offer. Get Carolina Cottage 42-Inch Round Drop Leaf Table, Antique Black Now!. read more Read the rest of this entry Round 46 In Beveled Glass Dining Table w Fluted Pedestal Base Deals on Selection Get review about Round 46 In Beveled Glass Dining Table w Fluted Pedestal Base now. Buy Round 46 In Beveled Glass Dining Table w Fluted Pedestal Base and get more cheapest price on Round 46 In Beveled Glass Dining Table w Fluted Pedestal Base. Customer buying Choice Round 46 In Beveled Glass Dining Table w Fluted Pedestal Base. Quick! This promotion with limited time offer. Get Round 46 In Beveled Glass Dining Table w Fluted Pedestal Base Now!. read more Read the rest of this entry Baxton Studio Graziella Steel-Base Aluminum-Top Pedestal Table Hot Deals Get information about Baxton Studio Graziella Steel-Base Aluminum-Top Pedestal Table online. Buy Baxton Studio Graziella Steel-Base Aluminum-Top Pedestal Table and get more great price on Baxton Studio Graziella Steel-Base Aluminum-Top Pedestal Table. Customer buying Choice Baxton Studio Graziella Steel-Base Aluminum-Top Pedestal Table. Quick! This promotion with limited time offer. Get Baxton Studio Graziella Steel-Base Aluminum-Top Pedestal Table Now!. read more Read the rest of this entry Coaster Brannan Round Single Pedestal Dining Table in Cappucino at Reduced Prices Get research about Coaster Brannan Round Single Pedestal Dining Table in Cappucino online. Buy Coaster Brannan Round Single Pedestal Dining Table in Cappucino and get more lowest price on Coaster Brannan Round Single Pedestal Dining Table in Cappucino. Customer buying Choice Coaster Brannan Round Single Pedestal Dining Table in Cappucino. Quick! This promotion with limited time offer. Get Coaster Brannan Round Single Pedestal Dining Table in Cappucino Now!. read more Read the rest of this entry Recent Posts Round Pedestal Wood Brown/Black Dining Table to Enjoy Savings And Selection Sunset 42 x 66 Pedestal Base Table 5 Piece Dining Set by Sunset Trading on Deals Powell Turtle Bay Round Base Dining Pedestal with Glass Top Sold Separately For Best Price 71 Rectangle Dining Table W/Crackled Glass Inset and Pedestal Base W/Stainless Steel Accents and Dining Side Chairs Set 7 Pieces at Cool Savings Carolina Cottage 42-Inch Round Drop Leaf Table, Antique Black to Buy And Save Round 46 In Beveled Glass Dining Table w Fluted Pedestal Base Deals on Selection Baxton Studio Graziella Steel-Base Aluminum-Top Pedestal Table Hot Deals Coaster Brannan Round Single Pedestal Dining Table in Cappucino at Reduced Prices Tags Brannan Dining Pedestal Prices Savings Selection Single Powered by WordPress and Created for Pedestal Dining Table Base | Patio Table Store http //pedestaldiningtablebase.patiotablestore.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com Web Toolbar by Wibiya')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01112', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Pedestal Dining Table Base Coaster Brannan Round Single Pedestal Dining Table in Cappucino at Reduced Prices Round 46 In Beveled Glass Dining Table w Fluted Pedestal Base Deals on Selection Baxton Studio Graziella Steel-Base Aluminum-Top Pedestal Table Hot Deals Get information about Baxton Studio Graziella Steel-Base Aluminum-Top Pedestal Table online. Buy Baxton Studio Graziella Steel-Base Aluminum-Top Pedestal Table and get more great price on Baxton Studio Graziella Steel-Base Aluminum-Top Pedestal Table. Customer buying Choice Baxton Studio Graziella Steel-Base Aluminum-Top Pedestal Table. Quick! This promotion with limited time offer. Get Baxton Studio Graziella Steel-Base Aluminum-Top Pedestal Table Now!. read more Baxton Studio Graziella Steel-Base Aluminum-Top Pedestal Table description Round Table measures 23-1/2-Inches wide and deep with 28-1/2-Inches high.Reminiscent of the style of a 1950s diner, this small kitchen or dining table comfortably seats 1-2. Construction consists of a steel base and frame and a table surface covered in aluminum. The table s surface features a throwback-styled repeating circular pattern in brushed aluminum. Included for the bottom of the base are black plastic floor protectors that also enhance stabilization of the table. Assembly is required. Click Here Check Price Now! Before Time Expires and Sold Out Round pedestal table brings retro-inspired flair to any living space Steel base and frame with plastic floor protectors; copper-colored center pole Brushed-aluminum surface sports 50s-style repeating circles pattern Petite size comfortably seats 2; some assembly required Measures 23-1/2 inches in diameter by 28-1/2 inches tall Are you looking Baxton Studio Graziella Steel-Base Aluminum-Top Pedestal Table sales or discount prices for Cyber Monday Deals 2011 I have seen this Baxton Studio Graziella Steel-Base Aluminum-Top Pedestal Table is Shop Online. Now price much lower than the day before. I think you will like it. Click here to purchase the Baxton Studio Graziella Steel-Base Aluminum-Top Pedestal Table Shop Online where it is currently on sale cheaper than anywhere else I have seen. Title 4 15 Relate keywords pedestal dining table base,brookside round dining table,cierra casual dining table,pedestal table base dining room,cierra casual dining table,pedestal dining furniture,pedestal dining table top,pedestal dining table base wood,brookside round dining table,pedestal dining table legs,trestle dining table base,pedestal dining table frame,pedestal table base custom dining Comments Comments are closed. Recent Posts Round Pedestal Wood Brown/Black Dining Table to Enjoy Savings And Selection Sunset 42 x 66 Pedestal Base Table 5 Piece Dining Set by Sunset Trading on Deals Powell Turtle Bay Round Base Dining Pedestal with Glass Top Sold Separately For Best Price 71 Rectangle Dining Table W/Crackled Glass Inset and Pedestal Base W/Stainless Steel Accents and Dining Side Chairs Set 7 Pieces at Cool Savings Carolina Cottage 42-Inch Round Drop Leaf Table, Antique Black to Buy And Save Round 46 In Beveled Glass Dining Table w Fluted Pedestal Base Deals on Selection Baxton Studio Graziella Steel-Base Aluminum-Top Pedestal Table Hot Deals Coaster Brannan Round Single Pedestal Dining Table in Cappucino at Reduced Prices Tags Brannan Dining Pedestal Prices Savings Selection Single Powered by WordPress and Created for Pedestal Dining Table Base | Patio Table Store http //pedestaldiningtablebase.patiotablestore.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com Web Toolbar by Wibiya')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01113', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Pedestal Dining Table Base Baxton Studio Graziella Steel-Base Aluminum-Top Pedestal Table Hot Deals Coaster Brannan Round Single Pedestal Dining Table in Cappucino at Reduced Prices Get research about Coaster Brannan Round Single Pedestal Dining Table in Cappucino online. Buy Coaster Brannan Round Single Pedestal Dining Table in Cappucino and get more lowest price on Coaster Brannan Round Single Pedestal Dining Table in Cappucino. Customer buying Choice Coaster Brannan Round Single Pedestal Dining Table in Cappucino. Quick! This promotion with limited time offer. Get Coaster Brannan Round Single Pedestal Dining Table in Cappucino Now!. read more Coaster Brannan Round Single Pedestal Dining Table in Cappucino description Enhance your breakfast nook or casual dining space with the Brannan collection. Updated styling gives this entry level dining set a relaxed modern appeal. The round single pedestal dining table and matching side chairs upholstered in microfiber fabric will create an inviting dining atmosphere. Crafted from durable rubberwood, the Brannan is offered in either a rich cappuccino or medium maple finish to complement your personal style. With relaxed elegance, this round pedestal table will make a charming addition to your breakfast nook or casual dining room. The delicate carved detail and generous curves of this single pedestal offer graceful designs. Arrange with matching upholstered side chair to add a touch of contemporary flair. Available in a rich cappuccino finish or warm maple finish. Features Rubberwood bathed in either a rich cappuccino finish Smooth rounded edges, slightly tapered legs, and delicately carved single pedestals Casual style Smooth finished tops Round shape Specifications Overall dimensions 30H x 40W x 40D inches Click Here Check Price Now! Before Time Expires and Sold Out Made of Rubberwood 40 Diameter Cappuccino Finish Also Available In Maple And Oak Some assembly required Are you looking Coaster Brannan Round Single Pedestal Dining Table in Cappucino sales or bargain prices for Halloween Deals 2011 I have seen this Coaster Brannan Round Single Pedestal Dining Table in Cappucino is Shop Online. Now price much lower than the day before. I think you will like it. Click here to read more reviews of the Coaster Brannan Round Single Pedestal Dining Table in Cappucino Shop Online where it is currently on sale cheaper than anywhere else I have seen. Title 4 19 Relate keywords pedestal dining table base,brookside round dining table,cierra casual dining table,pedestal table base dining room,cierra casual dining table,pedestal dining furniture,pedestal dining table top,pedestal dining table base wood,brookside round dining table,pedestal dining table legs,trestle dining table base,pedestal dining table frame,pedestal table base custom dining Comments Comments are closed. Recent Posts Round Pedestal Wood Brown/Black Dining Table to Enjoy Savings And Selection Sunset 42 x 66 Pedestal Base Table 5 Piece Dining Set by Sunset Trading on Deals Powell Turtle Bay Round Base Dining Pedestal with Glass Top Sold Separately For Best Price 71 Rectangle Dining Table W/Crackled Glass Inset and Pedestal Base W/Stainless Steel Accents and Dining Side Chairs Set 7 Pieces at Cool Savings Carolina Cottage 42-Inch Round Drop Leaf Table, Antique Black to Buy And Save Round 46 In Beveled Glass Dining Table w Fluted Pedestal Base Deals on Selection Baxton Studio Graziella Steel-Base Aluminum-Top Pedestal Table Hot Deals Coaster Brannan Round Single Pedestal Dining Table in Cappucino at Reduced Prices Tags Brannan Dining Pedestal Prices Savings Selection Single Powered by WordPress and Created for Pedestal Dining Table Base | Patio Table Store http //pedestaldiningtablebase.patiotablestore.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com Web Toolbar by Wibiya')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01114', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Pedestal Dining Table Base 71 Rectangle Dining Table W/Crackled Glass Inset and Pedestal Base W/Stainless Steel Accents and Dining Side Chairs Set 7 Pieces at Cool Savings Sunset 42 x 66 Pedestal Base Table 5 Piece Dining Set by Sunset Trading on Deals Powell Turtle Bay Round Base Dining Pedestal with Glass Top Sold Separately For Best Price Get research about Powell Turtle Bay Round Base Dining Pedestal with Glass Top Sold Separately today. Order Powell Turtle Bay Round Base Dining Pedestal with Glass Top Sold Separately and get more cool saving on Powell Turtle Bay Round Base Dining Pedestal with Glass Top Sold Separately. Customer buying Choice Powell Turtle Bay Round Base Dining Pedestal with Glass Top Sold Separately. Quick! This promotion with limited time offer. Get Powell Turtle Bay Round Base Dining Pedestal with Glass Top Sold Separately Now!. read more Powell Turtle Bay Round Base Dining Pedestal with Glass Top Sold Separately description Turtle Bay Dining Pedestal features leather wrapped bent rattan pole, rattan core decorative framing around woven peel fields, Mindy veneer display shelf, modified egg and dart carved base rail, and bun feet. Clear vinyl glass bumpers included. Finished in hand distressed Dark Brown rub through with Cherry accents. Fully assembled. Click Here Check Price Now! Before Time Expires and Sold Out Turtle Bay Dining Pedestal features leather wrapped bent rattan pole, rattan core decorative framing around woven peel fields, Mindy veneer display shelf, modified egg and dart carved base rail Clear vinyl glass bumpers included Finished in hand distressed Dark Brown rub through with Cherry accents Fully assembled Bun feet Are you looking Powell Turtle Bay Round Base Dining Pedestal with Glass Top Sold Separately sales or best prices for Cyber Monday Deals 2011 I have seen this Powell Turtle Bay Round Base Dining Pedestal with Glass Top Sold Separately is Shop Online. Now price much lower than the day before. I think you will like it. Click here to purchase the Powell Turtle Bay Round Base Dining Pedestal with Glass Top Sold Separately Shop Online where it is currently on sale cheaper than anywhere else I have seen. Title 4 20 Relate keywords pedestal dining table base,brookside round dining table,cierra casual dining table,pedestal table base dining room,cierra casual dining table,pedestal dining furniture,pedestal dining table top,pedestal dining table base wood,brookside round dining table,pedestal dining table legs,trestle dining table base,pedestal dining table frame,pedestal table base custom dining Comments Comments are closed. Recent Posts Round Pedestal Wood Brown/Black Dining Table to Enjoy Savings And Selection Sunset 42 x 66 Pedestal Base Table 5 Piece Dining Set by Sunset Trading on Deals Powell Turtle Bay Round Base Dining Pedestal with Glass Top Sold Separately For Best Price 71 Rectangle Dining Table W/Crackled Glass Inset and Pedestal Base W/Stainless Steel Accents and Dining Side Chairs Set 7 Pieces at Cool Savings Carolina Cottage 42-Inch Round Drop Leaf Table, Antique Black to Buy And Save Round 46 In Beveled Glass Dining Table w Fluted Pedestal Base Deals on Selection Baxton Studio Graziella Steel-Base Aluminum-Top Pedestal Table Hot Deals Coaster Brannan Round Single Pedestal Dining Table in Cappucino at Reduced Prices Tags Brannan Dining Pedestal Prices Savings Selection Single Powered by WordPress and Created for Pedestal Dining Table Base | Patio Table Store http //pedestaldiningtablebase.patiotablestore.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com Web Toolbar by Wibiya')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01115', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Pedestal Dining Table Base Sunset 42 x 66 Pedestal Base Table 5 Piece Dining Set by Sunset Trading on Deals Round Pedestal Wood Brown/Black Dining Table to Enjoy Savings And Selection Get review about Round Pedestal Wood Brown/Black Dining Table online. Purchase Round Pedestal Wood Brown/Black Dining Table and get more reasonable price on Round Pedestal Wood Brown/Black Dining Table. Customer buying Choice Round Pedestal Wood Brown/Black Dining Table. Quick! This promotion with limited time offer. Get Round Pedestal Wood Brown/Black Dining Table Now!. read more Round Pedestal Wood Brown/Black Dining Table description Add rustic character to your dining room with our round pedestal dining table. This lovely piece is crafted with brown and black accent finish wood and a generous tabletop with a thick pedestal base. Great for entertaining, the round pedestal dining table is sure to be a handsome addition to the sophisticated d cor. Chairs sold separately. Click Here Check Price Now! Before Time Expires and Sold Out SKU 99196348 Dimensions 54 x 54 x 30 inches Item leaves our facility in aprox. 7 business days, plus 3-10 days to arrive at your door Are you looking Round Pedestal Wood Brown/Black Dining Table sales or inexpensive prices for Cyber Monday Deals 2011 I have seen this Round Pedestal Wood Brown/Black Dining Table is Shop Online. Now price much lower than the day before. I think you will like it. Click here to get the Round Pedestal Wood Brown/Black Dining Table Shop Online where it is currently on sale cheaper than anywhere else I have seen. Title 4 39 Relate keywords pedestal dining table base,brookside round dining table,cierra casual dining table,pedestal table base dining room,cierra casual dining table,pedestal dining furniture,pedestal dining table top,pedestal dining table base wood,brookside round dining table,pedestal dining table legs,trestle dining table base,pedestal dining table frame,pedestal table base custom dining Comments Comments are closed. Recent Posts Round Pedestal Wood Brown/Black Dining Table to Enjoy Savings And Selection Sunset 42 x 66 Pedestal Base Table 5 Piece Dining Set by Sunset Trading on Deals Powell Turtle Bay Round Base Dining Pedestal with Glass Top Sold Separately For Best Price 71 Rectangle Dining Table W/Crackled Glass Inset and Pedestal Base W/Stainless Steel Accents and Dining Side Chairs Set 7 Pieces at Cool Savings Carolina Cottage 42-Inch Round Drop Leaf Table, Antique Black to Buy And Save Round 46 In Beveled Glass Dining Table w Fluted Pedestal Base Deals on Selection Baxton Studio Graziella Steel-Base Aluminum-Top Pedestal Table Hot Deals Coaster Brannan Round Single Pedestal Dining Table in Cappucino at Reduced Prices Tags Brannan Dining Pedestal Prices Savings Selection Single Powered by WordPress and Created for Pedestal Dining Table Base | Patio Table Store http //pedestaldiningtablebase.patiotablestore.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com Web Toolbar by Wibiya')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01116', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Pedestal Dining Table Base Powell Turtle Bay Round Base Dining Pedestal with Glass Top Sold Separately For Best Price Round Pedestal Wood Brown/Black Dining Table to Enjoy Savings And Selection Sunset 42 x 66 Pedestal Base Table 5 Piece Dining Set by Sunset Trading on Deals Get information about Sunset 42 x 66 Pedestal Base Table 5 Piece Dining Set by Sunset Trading today. Best order Sunset 42 x 66 Pedestal Base Table 5 Piece Dining Set by Sunset Trading and get more super low price on Sunset 42 x 66 Pedestal Base Table 5 Piece Dining Set by Sunset Trading. Customer buying Choice Sunset 42 x 66 Pedestal Base Table 5 Piece Dining Set by Sunset Trading. Quick! This promotion with limited time offer. Get Sunset 42 x 66 Pedestal Base Table 5 Piece Dining Set by Sunset Trading Now!. read more Sunset 42 x 66 Pedestal Base Table 5 Piece Dining Set by Sunset Trading description Dining Tables & Sets Antique finish has distressing This beautifully designed furniture by Sunset Trading will assure you many years of use and enjoyment. Solid handcrafted hardwood oval extension table. Self storing 18 butterfly leaf converts from 42 x 54 oval to 42 x 66 oval. Pedestal base with adjustable feet levelers. Includes 1 table and 4 Arrowback chairs. Nutmeg finish with rich honey light oak table top and seats. Constructed of hand crafted solid Asian hardwood and wood veneers. Ships ready for an easy assembly. Click Here Check Price Now! Before Time Expires and Sold Out Lifetime Warranty Are you looking Sunset 42 x 66 Pedestal Base Table 5 Piece Dining Set by Sunset Trading sales or inexpensive prices for Black Friday Deals 2011 I have seen this Sunset 42 x 66 Pedestal Base Table 5 Piece Dining Set by Sunset Trading is Shop Online. Now price much lower than the day before. I think you will like it. Click here to check out the Sunset 42 x 66 Pedestal Base Table 5 Piece Dining Set by Sunset Trading Shop Online where it is currently on sale cheaper than anywhere else I have seen. Title 4 32 Relate keywords pedestal dining table base,brookside round dining table,cierra casual dining table,pedestal table base dining room,cierra casual dining table,pedestal dining furniture,pedestal dining table top,pedestal dining table base wood,brookside round dining table,pedestal dining table legs,trestle dining table base,pedestal dining table frame,pedestal table base custom dining Comments Comments are closed. Recent Posts Round Pedestal Wood Brown/Black Dining Table to Enjoy Savings And Selection Sunset 42 x 66 Pedestal Base Table 5 Piece Dining Set by Sunset Trading on Deals Powell Turtle Bay Round Base Dining Pedestal with Glass Top Sold Separately For Best Price 71 Rectangle Dining Table W/Crackled Glass Inset and Pedestal Base W/Stainless Steel Accents and Dining Side Chairs Set 7 Pieces at Cool Savings Carolina Cottage 42-Inch Round Drop Leaf Table, Antique Black to Buy And Save Round 46 In Beveled Glass Dining Table w Fluted Pedestal Base Deals on Selection Baxton Studio Graziella Steel-Base Aluminum-Top Pedestal Table Hot Deals Coaster Brannan Round Single Pedestal Dining Table in Cappucino at Reduced Prices Tags Brannan Dining Pedestal Prices Savings Selection Single Powered by WordPress and Created for Pedestal Dining Table Base | Patio Table Store http //pedestaldiningtablebase.patiotablestore.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com Web Toolbar by Wibiya')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01118', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Reclining Patio Chair Prime Products 13-3371 Brown Prime Plus Folding Chair to Enjoy Savings And Selection Prime Products 13-3371 Brown Prime Plus Folding Chair to Big Save Prime Products 13-3371 Brown Prime Plus Folding Chair For Sales Everything you need to know on Prime Products 13-3371 Brown Prime Plus Folding Chair product. Learn more about Prime Products 13-3371 Brown Prime Plus Folding Chair product features, compare similar Prime Products 13-3371 Brown Prime Plus Folding Chair products, see reviews and price trends, and find the hot bestsellers Prime Products 13-3371 Brown Prime Plus Folding Chair Shop Online. read more Read the rest of this entry Tags 133371 , 133371 Products , Folding , Products , Products Savings , Savings , Selection Travelchair Lounge Lizard Outdoor Chair, Salt and Pepper to Buy Cheapest Prices Travelchair Lounge Lizard Outdoor Chair, Salt and Pepper to Lowest Prices Travelchair Lounge Lizard Outdoor Chair, Salt and Pepper to Buy And Save Everything you need to know on Travelchair Lounge Lizard Outdoor Chair, Salt and Pepper product. Find more about Travelchair Lounge Lizard Outdoor Chair, Salt and Pepper product features, compare similar Travelchair Lounge Lizard Outdoor Chair, Salt and Pepper products, see reviews and price trends, and find the top bestsellers Travelchair Lounge Lizard Outdoor Chair, Salt and Pepper Shop Online. read more Read the rest of this entry Tags Chair , Cheapest , Lizard , Lounge , Outdoor , Outdoor Pepper , Pepper , Prices , Travelchair , Travelchair Cheapest Black Microfiber Recliner Chair Bed, Multi Positional Folding Lounger, Reclining Sleeper Beds, Foldable Game Chairs to Low Prices Black Microfiber Recliner Chair Bed, Multi Positional Folding Lounger, Reclining Sleeper Beds, Foldable Game Chairs to Special Prices Black Microfiber Recliner Chair Bed, Multi Positional Folding Lounger, Reclining Sleeper Beds, Foldable Game Chairs to Enjoy Savings And Selection Everything you need to know on Black Microfiber Recliner Chair Bed, Multi Positional Folding Lounger, Reclining Sleeper Beds, Foldable Game Chairs product. Read more about Black Microfiber Recliner Chair Bed, Multi Positional Folding Lounger, Reclining Sleeper Beds, Foldable Game Chairs product features, compare similar Black Microfiber Recliner Chair Bed, Multi Positional Folding Lounger, Reclining Sleeper Beds, Foldable Game Chairs products, see reviews and price trends, and find the hot products Black Microfiber Recliner Chair Bed, Multi Positional Folding Lounger, Reclining Sleeper Beds, Foldable Game Chairs Shop Online. read more Read the rest of this entry Tags Chairs , Chairs Folding , Foldable , Folding , Lounger , Microfiber , Positional , Positional Chairs , Prices , Recliner , Reclining , Sleeper Siena Reclining Armchair Cushion Canvas Aruba to Enjoy Savings Siena Reclining Armchair Cushion Canvas Aruba to Buy And Save Big Siena Reclining Armchair Cushion Canvas Aruba to Special Prices Today Everything you need to know on Siena Reclining Armchair Cushion Canvas Aruba product. Find more about Siena Reclining Armchair Cushion Canvas Aruba product features, compare similar Siena Reclining Armchair Cushion Canvas Aruba products, see reviews and price trends, and find the hot bestsellers Siena Reclining Armchair Cushion Canvas Aruba Shop Online. read more Read the rest of this entry Tags Armchair , Armchair Cushion , Canvas , Cushion , Reclining , Savings New 7 Pc Luxurious Grade-A Teak Dining Set 60 Round Table And 6 Reclining Arm Chairs [Model MR2] to Big Save New 7 Pc Luxurious Grade-A Teak Dining Set 60 Round Table And 6 Reclining Arm Chairs [Model MR2] to Deep Discounts New 7 Pc Luxurious Grade-A Teak Dining Set 60 Round Table And 6 Reclining Arm Chairs [Model MR2] Shop Today Everything you need to know on New 7 Pc Luxurious Grade-A Teak Dining Set 60 Round Table And 6 Reclining Arm Chairs [Model MR2] product. See more about New 7 Pc Luxurious Grade-A Teak Dining Set 60 Round Table And 6 Reclining Arm Chairs [Model MR2] product features, compare similar New 7 Pc Luxurious Grade-A Teak Dining Set 60 Round Table And 6 Reclining Arm Chairs [Model MR2] products, see reviews and price trends, and find cool savings New 7 Pc Luxurious Grade-A Teak Dining Set 60 Round Table And 6 Reclining Arm Chairs [Model MR2] Shop Online. read more Read the rest of this entry Tags Chairs , Chairs Dining , Dining , GradeA , Luxurious , ModelMR2 , ModelMR2 Luxurious , Reclining Recycled Earth-Friendly Outdoor Patio Reclining Adirondack Chair Forest Green to Compare Prices Recycled Earth-Friendly Outdoor Patio Reclining Adirondack Chair Forest Green to Buy Lowest Prices Recycled Earth-Friendly Outdoor Patio Reclining Adirondack Chair Forest Green For Great Deals Everything you need to know on Recycled Earth-Friendly Outdoor Patio Reclining Adirondack Chair Forest Green product. See more about Recycled Earth-Friendly Outdoor Patio Reclining Adirondack Chair Forest Green product features, compare similar Recycled Earth-Friendly Outdoor Patio Reclining Adirondack Chair Forest Green products, see reviews and price trends, and find the reccommend promotions Recycled Earth-Friendly Outdoor Patio Reclining Adirondack Chair Forest Green Shop Online. read more Read the rest of this entry Tags Adirondack , Compare , EarthFriendly , Forest , Forest Prices , Outdoor , Prices , Reclining , Recycled , Recycled Reclining Ace Trading-Merry Prod Patio MPG-ACE10FR Reclining & Folding Adirondack Chair to Buy And Save Big Ace Trading-Merry Prod Patio MPG-ACE10FR Reclining & Folding Adirondack Chair to Enjoy Savings And Selection Ace Trading-Merry Prod Patio MPG-ACE10FR Reclining & Folding Adirondack Chair to Low Prices Everything you need to know on Ace Trading-Merry Prod Patio MPG-ACE10FR Reclining & Folding Adirondack Chair product. Find more about Ace Trading-Merry Prod Patio MPG-ACE10FR Reclining & Folding Adirondack Chair product features, compare similar Ace Trading-Merry Prod Patio MPG-ACE10FR Reclining & Folding Adirondack Chair products, see reviews and price trends, and find great deals Ace Trading-Merry Prod Patio MPG-ACE10FR Reclining & Folding Adirondack Chair Shop Online. read more Read the rest of this entry Tags Adirondack , Adirondack Reclining , Folding , MPGACE10FR , MPGACE10FR TradingMerry , Reclining , TradingMerry Recycled Earth-Friendly Outdoor Patio Reclining Adirondack Chair Brown to Enjoy Savings Recycled Earth-Friendly Outdoor Patio Reclining Adirondack Chair Brown to Buy Low Price Recycled Earth-Friendly Outdoor Patio Reclining Adirondack Chair Brown at Crazy Price Everything you need to know on Recycled Earth-Friendly Outdoor Patio Reclining Adirondack Chair Brown product. Read more about Recycled Earth-Friendly Outdoor Patio Reclining Adirondack Chair Brown product features, compare similar Recycled Earth-Friendly Outdoor Patio Reclining Adirondack Chair Brown products, see reviews and price trends, and find the top products Recycled Earth-Friendly Outdoor Patio Reclining Adirondack Chair Brown Shop Online. read more Read the rest of this entry Tags Adirondack , EarthFriendly , Outdoor , Outdoor Adirondack , Reclining , Recycled , Savings , Savings Adirondack Ace Trading Outdoor Furn Mac C845ST-101 Anti-gravity Chair W/tray to Buy Cheap Prices Ace Trading Outdoor Furn Mac C845ST-101 Anti-gravity Chair W/tray to Enjoy Savings Ace Trading Outdoor Furn Mac C845ST-101 Anti-gravity Chair W/tray For Great Prices Everything you need to know on Ace Trading Outdoor Furn Mac C845ST-101 Anti-gravity Chair W/tray product. Learn more about Ace Trading Outdoor Furn Mac C845ST-101 Anti-gravity Chair W/tray product features, compare similar Ace Trading Outdoor Furn Mac C845ST-101 Anti-gravity Chair W/tray products, see reviews and price trends, and find the new releases Ace Trading Outdoor Furn Mac C845ST-101 Anti-gravity Chair W/tray Shop Online. read more Read the rest of this entry Tags Antigravity , C845ST101 , C845ST101 Trading , Outdoor , Outdoor Antigravity , Prices , Trading , Wtray Recent Posts Prime Products 13-3371 Brown Prime Plus Folding Chair to Enjoy Savings And Selection Travelchair Lounge Lizard Outdoor Chair, Salt and Pepper to Buy Cheapest Prices Black Microfiber Recliner Chair Bed, Multi Positional Folding Lounger, Reclining Sleeper Beds, Foldable Game Chairs to Low Prices Siena Reclining Armchair Cushion Canvas Aruba to Enjoy Savings New 7 Pc Luxurious Grade-A Teak Dining Set 60 Round Table And 6 Reclining Arm Chairs [Model MR2] to Big Save Recycled Earth-Friendly Outdoor Patio Reclining Adirondack Chair Forest Green to Compare Prices Ace Trading-Merry Prod Patio MPG-ACE10FR Reclining & Folding Adirondack Chair to Buy And Save Big Recycled Earth-Friendly Outdoor Patio Reclining Adirondack Chair Brown to Enjoy Savings Ace Trading Outdoor Furn Mac C845ST-101 Anti-gravity Chair W/tray to Buy Cheap Prices Tags Adirondack Adirondack Reclining Antigravity Armchair Armchair Cushion C845ST101 C845ST101 Trading Canvas Chair Chairs Chairs Dining Chairs Folding Compare Cushion Dining EarthFriendly Foldable Folding Forest Forest Prices GradeA Lounger Luxurious Microfiber ModelMR2 ModelMR2 Luxurious MPGACE10FR MPGACE10FR TradingMerry Outdoor Outdoor Adirondack Outdoor Antigravity Pepper Positional Positional Chairs Prices Recliner Reclining Recycled Recycled Reclining Savings Savings Adirondack Sleeper Trading TradingMerry Wtray Powered by WordPress and Created for Reclining Patio Chair | Deck Furniture Sale http //recliningpatiochair.deckfurnituresale.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com Web Toolbar by Wibiya')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01119', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Reclining Patio Chair Recycled Earth-Friendly Outdoor Patio Reclining Adirondack Chair Brown to Enjoy Savings Ace Trading Outdoor Furn Mac C845ST-101 Anti-gravity Chair W/tray to Buy Cheap Prices Ace Trading Outdoor Furn Mac C845ST-101 Anti-gravity Chair W/tray to Enjoy Savings Ace Trading Outdoor Furn Mac C845ST-101 Anti-gravity Chair W/tray For Great Prices Everything you need to know on Ace Trading Outdoor Furn Mac C845ST-101 Anti-gravity Chair W/tray product. Learn more about Ace Trading Outdoor Furn Mac C845ST-101 Anti-gravity Chair W/tray product features, compare similar Ace Trading Outdoor Furn Mac C845ST-101 Anti-gravity Chair W/tray products, see reviews and price trends, and find the new releases Ace Trading Outdoor Furn Mac C845ST-101 Anti-gravity Chair W/tray Shop Online. read more Ace Trading Outdoor Furn Mac C845ST-101 Anti-gravity Chair W/tray description MAC SPORTS ANTI-GRAVITY CHAIR WITH PULL OUT TRAY Open dimensions 63.74 L x 36.98 W x 29.3 H Folded dimension 34 L x 27 W x 5.51 H Weight capacity 225 lbs. Built-in side table Powder coated steel frame Suspension seating provides an infinite number of positions due to a unique locking system Removable pillow Bungee cords through metal grommets secure the fabric We find best price for Ace Trading Outdoor Furn Mac C845ST-101 Anti-gravity Chair W/tray with super save shipping, Don\\ t miss this chance !! MAC SPORTS ANTI-GRAVITY CHAIR WITH PULL OUT TRAY Open dimensions 63.74 L x 36.98 W x 29.3 H Folded dimension 34 L x 27 W x 5.51 H Weight capacity 225 lbs. Built-in side table You can buy Ace Trading Outdoor Furn Mac C845ST-101 Anti-gravity Chair W/tray from many big retailers offline or online Best Buy, Target, Walmart, Cnet, Cosco, OnSale, Buy.com etc. But which one is the best We have done work for you, we find the best place to Enjoy Savings Ace Trading Outdoor Furn Mac C845ST-101 Anti-gravity Chair W/tray is at HERE. This giant online retailers give the cheap price which included guarantee great service for this Holiday Season|for this Holiday|for this Weekends|for this Weekend|for this Black Friday|for this Cyber Monday|for this Christmas Day|for this New Years Eve|for this Halloween|for this Father\\ s Day|for this Mother\\ s Day|for this Thanksgiving Day . Check Out This Product This at The UNBELIEVABLE Prices!, Do not miss Ace Trading Outdoor Furn Mac C845ST-101 Anti-gravity Chair W/tray product. Decided to buy cheap best products Ace Trading Outdoor Furn Mac C845ST-101 Anti-gravity Chair W/tray today before it is sold out. Limited time sale and limit the number of products to sell. Title 4 23 Relate keywords reclining patio chair,reclining patio chair ottoman,position reclining chair,adjustable patio chair,kmart,reclining patio chair with ottoman,zero gravity reclining patio chair,position reclining chair,reclining outdoor chair,reclining beach chair,reclining french chair,reclining garden chair,lafuma reclining chair,motion patio chair,folding patio chair,recumbent patio chair,rocking patio chair,leather patio chair,reclining patio seat,reclining patio stool,reclining patio bed,reclining patio table,reclining patio sofa Comments Tags Antigravity , C845ST101 , C845ST101 Trading , Outdoor , Outdoor Antigravity , Prices , Trading , Wtray Comments are closed. Recent Posts Travelchair Lounge Lizard Outdoor Chair, Salt and Pepper to Buy Cheapest Prices Black Microfiber Recliner Chair Bed, Multi Positional Folding Lounger, Reclining Sleeper Beds, Foldable Game Chairs to Low Prices Siena Reclining Armchair Cushion Canvas Aruba to Enjoy Savings New 7 Pc Luxurious Grade-A Teak Dining Set 60 Round Table And 6 Reclining Arm Chairs [Model MR2] to Big Save Recycled Earth-Friendly Outdoor Patio Reclining Adirondack Chair Forest Green to Compare Prices Ace Trading-Merry Prod Patio MPG-ACE10FR Reclining & Folding Adirondack Chair to Buy And Save Big Recycled Earth-Friendly Outdoor Patio Reclining Adirondack Chair Brown to Enjoy Savings Ace Trading Outdoor Furn Mac C845ST-101 Anti-gravity Chair W/tray to Buy Cheap Prices Tags Adirondack Adirondack Reclining Antigravity Armchair Armchair Cushion C845ST101 C845ST101 Trading Canvas Chair Chairs Chairs Dining Chairs Folding Compare Cushion Dining EarthFriendly Foldable Folding Forest Forest Prices GradeA Lounger Luxurious Microfiber ModelMR2 ModelMR2 Luxurious MPGACE10FR MPGACE10FR TradingMerry Outdoor Outdoor Adirondack Outdoor Antigravity Pepper Positional Positional Chairs Prices Recliner Reclining Recycled Recycled Reclining Savings Savings Adirondack Sleeper Trading TradingMerry Wtray Powered by WordPress and Created for Reclining Patio Chair | Deck Furniture Sale http //recliningpatiochair.deckfurnituresale.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com Web Toolbar by Wibiya')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01120', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Reclining Patio Chair Siena Reclining Armchair Cushion Canvas Aruba to Enjoy Savings Travelchair Lounge Lizard Outdoor Chair, Salt and Pepper to Buy Cheapest Prices Black Microfiber Recliner Chair Bed, Multi Positional Folding Lounger, Reclining Sleeper Beds, Foldable Game Chairs to Low Prices Black Microfiber Recliner Chair Bed, Multi Positional Folding Lounger, Reclining Sleeper Beds, Foldable Game Chairs to Special Prices Black Microfiber Recliner Chair Bed, Multi Positional Folding Lounger, Reclining Sleeper Beds, Foldable Game Chairs to Enjoy Savings And Selection Everything you need to know on Black Microfiber Recliner Chair Bed, Multi Positional Folding Lounger, Reclining Sleeper Beds, Foldable Game Chairs product. Read more about Black Microfiber Recliner Chair Bed, Multi Positional Folding Lounger, Reclining Sleeper Beds, Foldable Game Chairs product features, compare similar Black Microfiber Recliner Chair Bed, Multi Positional Folding Lounger, Reclining Sleeper Beds, Foldable Game Chairs products, see reviews and price trends, and find the hot products Black Microfiber Recliner Chair Bed, Multi Positional Folding Lounger, Reclining Sleeper Beds, Foldable Game Chairs Shop Online. read more Black Microfiber Recliner Chair Bed, Multi Positional Folding Lounger, Reclining Sleeper Beds, Foldable Game Chairs description An ideal, perfect and innovative multi positional lounger and sleeper for kids, students, and adults. You may use this magic lounger/sleeper in your living room, patio, studio, game room, dorms, camp, RV trailers for playing game, watching TV, taking a nap. It is an innovative recliner chair bed for you to own one and decorate in your house. We find lowest price for Black Microfiber Recliner Chair Bed, Multi Positional Folding Lounger, Reclining Sleeper Beds, Foldable Game Chairs with super save shipping, Don\\ t miss this chance !! Condition Brand New. Bed Dimensions 7 High x 21 1/2 Wide x 69 Long. Color Black. Material Microfiber Padded Seat. Multi Positional Lounger/Sleeper You can buy Black Microfiber Recliner Chair Bed, Multi Positional Folding Lounger, Reclining Sleeper Beds, Foldable Game Chairs from many big retailers offline or online Best Buy, Target, Walmart, Cnet, Cosco, OnSale, Buy.com etc. But which one is the best We have done work for you, we find the best place to Special Prices Black Microfiber Recliner Chair Bed, Multi Positional Folding Lounger, Reclining Sleeper Beds, Foldable Game Chairs is at HERE. This giant online retailers give the special price which included fast ship and secure ordering for this Holiday Season|for this Holiday|for this Weekends|for this Weekend|for this Black Friday|for this Cyber Monday|for this Christmas Day|for this New Years Eve|for this Halloween|for this Father\\ s Day|for this Mother\\ s Day|for this Thanksgiving Day . Check Out This Product This at The UNBELIEVABLE Prices!, Do not miss Black Microfiber Recliner Chair Bed, Multi Positional Folding Lounger, Reclining Sleeper Beds, Foldable Game Chairs product. Decided to purchase reccommend promotions Black Microfiber Recliner Chair Bed, Multi Positional Folding Lounger, Reclining Sleeper Beds, Foldable Game Chairs today before it is sold out. Limited time sale and limit the number of products to sell. Title 4 31 Relate keywords reclining patio chair,reclining patio chair ottoman,position reclining chair,adjustable patio chair,kmart,reclining patio chair with ottoman,zero gravity reclining patio chair,position reclining chair,reclining outdoor chair,reclining beach chair,reclining french chair,reclining garden chair,lafuma reclining chair,motion patio chair,folding patio chair,recumbent patio chair,rocking patio chair,leather patio chair,reclining patio seat,reclining patio stool,reclining patio bed,reclining patio table,reclining patio sofa Comments Tags Chairs , Chairs Folding , Foldable , Folding , Lounger , Microfiber , Positional , Positional Chairs , Prices , Recliner , Reclining , Sleeper Comments are closed. Recent Posts Prime Products 13-3371 Brown Prime Plus Folding Chair to Enjoy Savings And Selection Travelchair Lounge Lizard Outdoor Chair, Salt and Pepper to Buy Cheapest Prices Black Microfiber Recliner Chair Bed, Multi Positional Folding Lounger, Reclining Sleeper Beds, Foldable Game Chairs to Low Prices Siena Reclining Armchair Cushion Canvas Aruba to Enjoy Savings New 7 Pc Luxurious Grade-A Teak Dining Set 60 Round Table And 6 Reclining Arm Chairs [Model MR2] to Big Save Recycled Earth-Friendly Outdoor Patio Reclining Adirondack Chair Forest Green to Compare Prices Ace Trading-Merry Prod Patio MPG-ACE10FR Reclining & Folding Adirondack Chair to Buy And Save Big Recycled Earth-Friendly Outdoor Patio Reclining Adirondack Chair Brown to Enjoy Savings Ace Trading Outdoor Furn Mac C845ST-101 Anti-gravity Chair W/tray to Buy Cheap Prices Tags Adirondack Adirondack Reclining Antigravity Armchair Armchair Cushion C845ST101 C845ST101 Trading Canvas Chair Chairs Chairs Dining Chairs Folding Compare Cushion Dining EarthFriendly Foldable Folding Forest Forest Prices GradeA Lounger Luxurious Microfiber ModelMR2 ModelMR2 Luxurious MPGACE10FR MPGACE10FR TradingMerry Outdoor Outdoor Adirondack Outdoor Antigravity Pepper Positional Positional Chairs Prices Recliner Reclining Recycled Recycled Reclining Savings Savings Adirondack Sleeper Trading TradingMerry Wtray Powered by WordPress and Created for Reclining Patio Chair | Deck Furniture Sale http //recliningpatiochair.deckfurnituresale.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com Web Toolbar by Wibiya')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01121', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Reclining Patio Chair Travelchair Lounge Lizard Outdoor Chair, Salt and Pepper to Buy Cheapest Prices Prime Products 13-3371 Brown Prime Plus Folding Chair to Enjoy Savings And Selection Prime Products 13-3371 Brown Prime Plus Folding Chair to Big Save Prime Products 13-3371 Brown Prime Plus Folding Chair For Sales Everything you need to know on Prime Products 13-3371 Brown Prime Plus Folding Chair product. Learn more about Prime Products 13-3371 Brown Prime Plus Folding Chair product features, compare similar Prime Products 13-3371 Brown Prime Plus Folding Chair products, see reviews and price trends, and find the hot bestsellers Prime Products 13-3371 Brown Prime Plus Folding Chair Shop Online. read more Prime Products 13-3371 Brown Prime Plus Folding Chair description Extra width and extra comfort make this folding recliner a favorite. Chair design gives you a full 24-Inch between the arms. Padded adjustable headrest, back and seat provides comfort not typically found in a folding chair. Attractive brown herringbone fabric compliments dark brown arms and powder steel frame. Folds for easy storage. We find cool saving price for Prime Products 13-3371 Brown Prime Plus Folding Chair with super save shipping, Don\\ t miss this chance !! Dimensions Closed 44 inch height x 28.5 inch width x 30.5 inch diameter You can buy Prime Products 13-3371 Brown Prime Plus Folding Chair from many big retailers offline or online Best Buy, Target, Walmart, Cnet, Cosco, OnSale, Buy.com etc. But which one is the best We have done work for you, we find the best place to Big Save Prime Products 13-3371 Brown Prime Plus Folding Chair is at HERE. This giant online retailers give the best price which included great fast service and safe ordering for this Holiday Season|for this Holiday|for this Weekends|for this Weekend|for this Black Friday|for this Cyber Monday|for this Christmas Day|for this New Years Eve|for this Halloween|for this Father\\ s Day|for this Mother\\ s Day|for this Thanksgiving Day . Check Out This Product This at The GREAT Prices!, Do not miss Prime Products 13-3371 Brown Prime Plus Folding Chair product. Decided to order top bestsellers Prime Products 13-3371 Brown Prime Plus Folding Chair today before it is sold out. Limited time sale and limit the number of products to sell. Title 4 25 Relate keywords reclining patio chair,reclining patio chair ottoman,position reclining chair,adjustable patio chair,kmart,reclining patio chair with ottoman,zero gravity reclining patio chair,position reclining chair,reclining outdoor chair,reclining beach chair,reclining french chair,reclining garden chair,lafuma reclining chair,motion patio chair,folding patio chair,recumbent patio chair,rocking patio chair,leather patio chair,reclining patio seat,reclining patio stool,reclining patio bed,reclining patio table,reclining patio sofa Comments Tags 133371 , 133371 Products , Folding , Products , Products Savings , Savings , Selection Comments are closed. Recent Posts Prime Products 13-3371 Brown Prime Plus Folding Chair to Enjoy Savings And Selection Travelchair Lounge Lizard Outdoor Chair, Salt and Pepper to Buy Cheapest Prices Black Microfiber Recliner Chair Bed, Multi Positional Folding Lounger, Reclining Sleeper Beds, Foldable Game Chairs to Low Prices Siena Reclining Armchair Cushion Canvas Aruba to Enjoy Savings New 7 Pc Luxurious Grade-A Teak Dining Set 60 Round Table And 6 Reclining Arm Chairs [Model MR2] to Big Save Recycled Earth-Friendly Outdoor Patio Reclining Adirondack Chair Forest Green to Compare Prices Ace Trading-Merry Prod Patio MPG-ACE10FR Reclining & Folding Adirondack Chair to Buy And Save Big Recycled Earth-Friendly Outdoor Patio Reclining Adirondack Chair Brown to Enjoy Savings Ace Trading Outdoor Furn Mac C845ST-101 Anti-gravity Chair W/tray to Buy Cheap Prices Tags Adirondack Adirondack Reclining Antigravity Armchair Armchair Cushion C845ST101 C845ST101 Trading Canvas Chair Chairs Chairs Dining Chairs Folding Compare Cushion Dining EarthFriendly Foldable Folding Forest Forest Prices GradeA Lounger Luxurious Microfiber ModelMR2 ModelMR2 Luxurious MPGACE10FR MPGACE10FR TradingMerry Outdoor Outdoor Adirondack Outdoor Antigravity Pepper Positional Positional Chairs Prices Recliner Reclining Recycled Recycled Reclining Savings Savings Adirondack Sleeper Trading TradingMerry Wtray Powered by WordPress and Created for Reclining Patio Chair | Deck Furniture Sale http //recliningpatiochair.deckfurnituresale.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com Web Toolbar by Wibiya')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01122', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Reclining Patio Chair Ace Trading Outdoor Furn Mac C845ST-101 Anti-gravity Chair W/tray to Buy Cheap Prices Ace Trading-Merry Prod Patio MPG-ACE10FR Reclining & Folding Adirondack Chair to Buy And Save Big Recycled Earth-Friendly Outdoor Patio Reclining Adirondack Chair Brown to Enjoy Savings Recycled Earth-Friendly Outdoor Patio Reclining Adirondack Chair Brown to Buy Low Price Recycled Earth-Friendly Outdoor Patio Reclining Adirondack Chair Brown at Crazy Price Everything you need to know on Recycled Earth-Friendly Outdoor Patio Reclining Adirondack Chair Brown product. Read more about Recycled Earth-Friendly Outdoor Patio Reclining Adirondack Chair Brown product features, compare similar Recycled Earth-Friendly Outdoor Patio Reclining Adirondack Chair Brown products, see reviews and price trends, and find the top products Recycled Earth-Friendly Outdoor Patio Reclining Adirondack Chair Brown Shop Online. read more Recycled Earth-Friendly Outdoor Patio Reclining Adirondack Chair Brown description This reclining Adirondack chair beautifies every outdoor setting with it sleek and stylish design. Has the look of wood but its made from all recycled materials so you can kick back relax and feel good about your purchase. Features out-of-this-world comfort with a reclining back and a deep seat that creates a body cradling experience. Super-sturdy and built to last even in strong winds you won t have to worry about your chair blowing away. All weather resistant to all types of weather conditions including rain snow salt water sun and ice. Contains UV-inhibited pigment systems that reduces fading. Does not absorb moisture and will not rot splinter or crack. Color Chocolate Brown Material s post-consumer bottle waste such as milk and detergent bottles/18-8 commercial grade stainless steel hardware All post-consumer materials go through an intense sanitation process Dimensions 29 W x 37 H 20 x 17 seat size Care instructions wash with soap and water Assembly required For indoor/outdoor use Made in the USA Please Note chair is made to order and it may take an additional 5-10 days to process and ship We find bargain price for Recycled Earth-Friendly Outdoor Patio Reclining Adirondack Chair Brown with super save shipping, Don\\ t miss this chance !! You can buy Recycled Earth-Friendly Outdoor Patio Reclining Adirondack Chair Brown from many big retailers offline or online Best Buy, Target, Walmart, Cnet, Cosco, OnSale, Buy.com etc. But which one is the best We have done work for you, we find the best place to Buy Low Price Recycled Earth-Friendly Outdoor Patio Reclining Adirondack Chair Brown is at HERE. This giant online retailers give the low price which included fast service for this Holiday Season|for this Holiday|for this Weekends|for this Weekend|for this Black Friday|for this Cyber Monday|for this Christmas Day|for this New Years Eve|for this Halloween|for this Father\\ s Day|for this Mother\\ s Day|for this Thanksgiving Day . Check Out This Product This at The LOWEST Prices!, Do not miss Recycled Earth-Friendly Outdoor Patio Reclining Adirondack Chair Brown product. Decided to order new products Recycled Earth-Friendly Outdoor Patio Reclining Adirondack Chair Brown today before it is sold out. Limited time sale and limit the number of products to sell. Title 4 36 Relate keywords reclining patio chair,reclining patio chair ottoman,position reclining chair,adjustable patio chair,kmart,reclining patio chair with ottoman,zero gravity reclining patio chair,position reclining chair,reclining outdoor chair,reclining beach chair,reclining french chair,reclining garden chair,lafuma reclining chair,motion patio chair,folding patio chair,recumbent patio chair,rocking patio chair,leather patio chair,reclining patio seat,reclining patio stool,reclining patio bed,reclining patio table,reclining patio sofa Comments Tags Adirondack , EarthFriendly , Outdoor , Outdoor Adirondack , Reclining , Recycled , Savings , Savings Adirondack Comments are closed. Recent Posts Prime Products 13-3371 Brown Prime Plus Folding Chair to Enjoy Savings And Selection Travelchair Lounge Lizard Outdoor Chair, Salt and Pepper to Buy Cheapest Prices Black Microfiber Recliner Chair Bed, Multi Positional Folding Lounger, Reclining Sleeper Beds, Foldable Game Chairs to Low Prices Siena Reclining Armchair Cushion Canvas Aruba to Enjoy Savings New 7 Pc Luxurious Grade-A Teak Dining Set 60 Round Table And 6 Reclining Arm Chairs [Model MR2] to Big Save Recycled Earth-Friendly Outdoor Patio Reclining Adirondack Chair Forest Green to Compare Prices Ace Trading-Merry Prod Patio MPG-ACE10FR Reclining & Folding Adirondack Chair to Buy And Save Big Recycled Earth-Friendly Outdoor Patio Reclining Adirondack Chair Brown to Enjoy Savings Ace Trading Outdoor Furn Mac C845ST-101 Anti-gravity Chair W/tray to Buy Cheap Prices Tags Adirondack Adirondack Reclining Antigravity Armchair Armchair Cushion C845ST101 C845ST101 Trading Canvas Chair Chairs Chairs Dining Chairs Folding Compare Cushion Dining EarthFriendly Foldable Folding Forest Forest Prices GradeA Lounger Luxurious Microfiber ModelMR2 ModelMR2 Luxurious MPGACE10FR MPGACE10FR TradingMerry Outdoor Outdoor Adirondack Outdoor Antigravity Pepper Positional Positional Chairs Prices Recliner Reclining Recycled Recycled Reclining Savings Savings Adirondack Sleeper Trading TradingMerry Wtray Powered by WordPress and Created for Reclining Patio Chair | Deck Furniture Sale http //recliningpatiochair.deckfurnituresale.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com Web Toolbar by Wibiya')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01123', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Reclining Patio Chair Black Microfiber Recliner Chair Bed, Multi Positional Folding Lounger, Reclining Sleeper Beds, Foldable Game Chairs to Low Prices Travelchair Lounge Lizard Outdoor Chair, Salt and Pepper to Buy Cheapest Prices Travelchair Lounge Lizard Outdoor Chair, Salt and Pepper to Lowest Prices Travelchair Lounge Lizard Outdoor Chair, Salt and Pepper to Buy And Save Everything you need to know on Travelchair Lounge Lizard Outdoor Chair, Salt and Pepper product. Find more about Travelchair Lounge Lizard Outdoor Chair, Salt and Pepper product features, compare similar Travelchair Lounge Lizard Outdoor Chair, Salt and Pepper products, see reviews and price trends, and find the top bestsellers Travelchair Lounge Lizard Outdoor Chair, Salt and Pepper Shop Online. read more Travelchair Lounge Lizard Outdoor Chair, Salt and Pepper description What do you get when you combine the comfort of your living room recliner with the portability of a folding camp chair An RV-Vacation ready, patio relaxing, replace the lawn chairs Lounge Lizard of course. This zero-gravity glider is designed with TravelChairs legendary quality, and one-of-a kind features you won t find on lesser chairs. We find low price for Travelchair Lounge Lizard Outdoor Chair, Salt and Pepper with super save shipping, Don\\ t miss this chance !! Custom friction brake design allows user to recline and lock in at any angle Stylish and durable mesh fabric for outdoor lounging comfort Stainless steel grommets and rivets Zero-Gravity suspension style seating High-quality carrying case with padded shoulder strap and handle You can buy Travelchair Lounge Lizard Outdoor Chair, Salt and Pepper from many big retailers offline or online Best Buy, Target, Walmart, Cnet, Cosco, OnSale, Buy.com etc. But which one is the best We have done work for you, we find the best place to Lowest Prices Travelchair Lounge Lizard Outdoor Chair, Salt and Pepper is at HERE. This giant online retailers give the amazing price which included guarantee great service and fast ordering for this Holiday Season|for this Holiday|for this Weekends|for this Weekend|for this Black Friday|for this Cyber Monday|for this Christmas Day|for this New Years Eve|for this Halloween|for this Father\\ s Day|for this Mother\\ s Day|for this Thanksgiving Day . Check Out This Product This at SUPER LOW Prices!, Do not miss Travelchair Lounge Lizard Outdoor Chair, Salt and Pepper product. Decided to buy cheap top products Travelchair Lounge Lizard Outdoor Chair, Salt and Pepper today before it is sold out. Limited time sale and limit the number of products to sell. Title 4 39 Relate keywords reclining patio chair,reclining patio chair ottoman,position reclining chair,adjustable patio chair,kmart,reclining patio chair with ottoman,zero gravity reclining patio chair,position reclining chair,reclining outdoor chair,reclining beach chair,reclining french chair,reclining garden chair,lafuma reclining chair,motion patio chair,folding patio chair,recumbent patio chair,rocking patio chair,leather patio chair,reclining patio seat,reclining patio stool,reclining patio bed,reclining patio table,reclining patio sofa Comments Tags Chair , Cheapest , Lizard , Lounge , Outdoor , Outdoor Pepper , Pepper , Prices , Travelchair , Travelchair Cheapest Comments are closed. Recent Posts Travelchair Lounge Lizard Outdoor Chair, Salt and Pepper to Buy Cheapest Prices Black Microfiber Recliner Chair Bed, Multi Positional Folding Lounger, Reclining Sleeper Beds, Foldable Game Chairs to Low Prices Siena Reclining Armchair Cushion Canvas Aruba to Enjoy Savings New 7 Pc Luxurious Grade-A Teak Dining Set 60 Round Table And 6 Reclining Arm Chairs [Model MR2] to Big Save Recycled Earth-Friendly Outdoor Patio Reclining Adirondack Chair Forest Green to Compare Prices Ace Trading-Merry Prod Patio MPG-ACE10FR Reclining & Folding Adirondack Chair to Buy And Save Big Recycled Earth-Friendly Outdoor Patio Reclining Adirondack Chair Brown to Enjoy Savings Ace Trading Outdoor Furn Mac C845ST-101 Anti-gravity Chair W/tray to Buy Cheap Prices Tags Adirondack Adirondack Reclining Antigravity Armchair Armchair Cushion C845ST101 C845ST101 Trading Canvas Chair Chairs Chairs Dining Chairs Folding Compare Cushion Dining EarthFriendly Foldable Folding Forest Forest Prices GradeA Lounger Luxurious Microfiber ModelMR2 ModelMR2 Luxurious MPGACE10FR MPGACE10FR TradingMerry Outdoor Outdoor Adirondack Outdoor Antigravity Pepper Positional Positional Chairs Prices Recliner Reclining Recycled Recycled Reclining Savings Savings Adirondack Sleeper Trading TradingMerry Wtray Powered by WordPress and Created for Reclining Patio Chair | Deck Furniture Sale http //recliningpatiochair.deckfurnituresale.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com Web Toolbar by Wibiya')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01125', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Restaurant Bistro Tables Chrome Bar Table & 2 Chrome Finish Oakland Raiders NFL Fabric Seat Barstools to Enjoy Big Savings Get information about Chrome Bar Table & 2 Chrome Finish Oakland Raiders NFL Fabric Seat Barstools online. Buy Chrome Bar Table & 2 Chrome Finish Oakland Raiders NFL Fabric Seat Barstools and get more cheap price on Chrome Bar Table & 2 Chrome Finish Oakland Raiders NFL Fabric Seat Barstools. Customer buying Choice Chrome Bar Table & 2 Chrome Finish Oakland Raiders NFL Fabric Seat Barstools. Quick! This promotion with limited time offer. Get Chrome Bar Table & 2 Chrome Finish Oakland Raiders NFL Fabric Seat Barstools Now!. read more Read the rest of this entry EmuAmericas 902 ABRONZE Bistro Table, 32 in Diameter, Solid Pedestal, Bronze at Cool Savings Get research about EmuAmericas 902 ABRONZE Bistro Table, 32 in Diameter, Solid Pedestal, Bronze online. Best order EmuAmericas 902 ABRONZE Bistro Table, 32 in Diameter, Solid Pedestal, Bronze and get more hot bestseller on EmuAmericas 902 ABRONZE Bistro Table, 32 in Diameter, Solid Pedestal, Bronze. Customer buying Choice EmuAmericas 902 ABRONZE Bistro Table, 32 in Diameter, Solid Pedestal, Bronze. Quick! This promotion with limited time offer. Get EmuAmericas 902 ABRONZE Bistro Table, 32 in Diameter, Solid Pedestal, Bronze Now!. read more Read the rest of this entry 4 Red Glitter Vinyl Barstools and White Table Set at Lowest Prices Get research about 4 Red Glitter Vinyl Barstools and White Table Set now. Buy 4 Red Glitter Vinyl Barstools and White Table Set and get more unbelievable price on 4 Red Glitter Vinyl Barstools and White Table Set. Customer buying Choice 4 Red Glitter Vinyl Barstools and White Table Set. Quick! This promotion with limited time offer. Get 4 Red Glitter Vinyl Barstools and White Table Set Now!. read more Read the rest of this entry LumiSource Bistro Hydraulic Bar Table, Chrome on Sale Now Get research about LumiSource Bistro Hydraulic Bar Table, Chrome now. Best order LumiSource Bistro Hydraulic Bar Table, Chrome and get more promotions on LumiSource Bistro Hydraulic Bar Table, Chrome. Customer buying Choice LumiSource Bistro Hydraulic Bar Table, Chrome. Quick! This promotion with limited time offer. Get LumiSource Bistro Hydraulic Bar Table, Chrome Now!. read more Read the rest of this entry Chrome Bar Table & 2 Chrome Finish Leopard Animal Print Fabric Seat Barstools Deals Get review about Chrome Bar Table & 2 Chrome Finish Leopard Animal Print Fabric Seat Barstools online. Best order Chrome Bar Table & 2 Chrome Finish Leopard Animal Print Fabric Seat Barstools and get more great price on Chrome Bar Table & 2 Chrome Finish Leopard Animal Print Fabric Seat Barstools. Customer buying Choice Chrome Bar Table & 2 Chrome Finish Leopard Animal Print Fabric Seat Barstools. Quick! This promotion with limited time offer. Get Chrome Bar Table & 2 Chrome Finish Leopard Animal Print Fabric Seat Barstools Now!. read more Read the rest of this entry Chrome Bar Table & 2 Chrome Baltimore Ravens NFL Fabric Seat Barstools on Deals Get research about Chrome Bar Table & 2 Chrome Baltimore Ravens NFL Fabric Seat Barstools now. Best purchase Chrome Bar Table & 2 Chrome Baltimore Ravens NFL Fabric Seat Barstools and get more new arrival on Chrome Bar Table & 2 Chrome Baltimore Ravens NFL Fabric Seat Barstools. Customer buying Choice Chrome Bar Table & 2 Chrome Baltimore Ravens NFL Fabric Seat Barstools. Quick! This promotion with limited time offer. Get Chrome Bar Table & 2 Chrome Baltimore Ravens NFL Fabric Seat Barstools Now!. read more Read the rest of this entry 9ft Rotating tilt Wooden Market Umbrella Natural Hot Price Get information about 9ft Rotating tilt Wooden Market Umbrella Natural online. Best buy 9ft Rotating tilt Wooden Market Umbrella Natural and get more new arrival on 9ft Rotating tilt Wooden Market Umbrella Natural. Customer buying Choice 9ft Rotating tilt Wooden Market Umbrella Natural. Quick! This promotion with limited time offer. Get 9ft Rotating tilt Wooden Market Umbrella Natural Now!. read more Read the rest of this entry LumiSource Bistro Hydraulic Bar Table, Chrome at Cool Savings Get research about LumiSource Bistro Hydraulic Bar Table, Chrome online. Order LumiSource Bistro Hydraulic Bar Table, Chrome and get more cheapest price on LumiSource Bistro Hydraulic Bar Table, Chrome. Customer buying Choice LumiSource Bistro Hydraulic Bar Table, Chrome. Quick! This promotion with limited time offer. Get LumiSource Bistro Hydraulic Bar Table, Chrome Now!. read more Read the rest of this entry Recent Posts Chrome Bar Table & 2 Chrome Finish Oakland Raiders NFL Fabric Seat Barstools to Enjoy Big Savings EmuAmericas 902 ABRONZE Bistro Table, 32 in Diameter, Solid Pedestal, Bronze at Cool Savings 4 Red Glitter Vinyl Barstools and White Table Set at Lowest Prices LumiSource Bistro Hydraulic Bar Table, Chrome on Sale Now Chrome Bar Table & 2 Chrome Finish Leopard Animal Print Fabric Seat Barstools Deals Chrome Bar Table & 2 Chrome Baltimore Ravens NFL Fabric Seat Barstools on Deals 9ft Rotating tilt Wooden Market Umbrella Natural Hot Price LumiSource Bistro Hydraulic Bar Table, Chrome at Cool Savings Tags Barstools Bistro Chrome Fabric LumiSource Savings Table Powered by WordPress and Created for Restaurant Bistro Tables | Patio Table Store http //restaurantbistrotables.patiotablestore.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com Web Toolbar by Wibiya')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01126', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Restaurant Bistro Tables LumiSource Bistro Hydraulic Bar Table, Chrome on Sale Now EmuAmericas 902 ABRONZE Bistro Table, 32 in Diameter, Solid Pedestal, Bronze at Cool Savings 4 Red Glitter Vinyl Barstools and White Table Set at Lowest Prices Get research about 4 Red Glitter Vinyl Barstools and White Table Set now. Buy 4 Red Glitter Vinyl Barstools and White Table Set and get more unbelievable price on 4 Red Glitter Vinyl Barstools and White Table Set. Customer buying Choice 4 Red Glitter Vinyl Barstools and White Table Set. Quick! This promotion with limited time offer. Get 4 Red Glitter Vinyl Barstools and White Table Set Now!. read more 4 Red Glitter Vinyl Barstools and White Table Set description Great new Bistro Bar stool set. The seats are 29 tall, red glitter vinyl and come in the retro chrome look. They re strong, new and well built. This table stands 42 tall and 30 across. This table comes in white. This set is made in the traditional soda fountain style. We have a set with two bar stools in another listing! 29 From floor to Bar stool Seat 4 Four Red Glitter Vinyl Stools Cute Bistro Table in White! Swivel Seats Retro Chrome Look Click here to order 4 Red Glitter Vinyl Barstools and White Table Set now while the stocks last Swivel Seat Barstools 29 To Seat On Barstools Comes With 4 Barstools 42 Tall Bar Table Red Glitter Seats Christmas Day Deals For This Year. Do not miss 4 Red Glitter Vinyl Barstools and White Table Set product. Decided to COL4 it online today. The cheapest place I have seen this 4 Red Glitter Vinyl Barstools and White Table Set is Shop Online. Click here find unbelievable price 4 Red Glitter Vinyl Barstools and White Table Set now. Title 4 28 Relate keywords restaurant bistro tables,restaurant dining tables,restaurant kitchen tables,restaurant cafe tables,restaurant round tables,used restaurant table chairs,resturant tables,bistro style tables,bistro tables restaurant furniture,restaurant bistro tables chairs,restaurant bistro tables cafe,restaurant bistro table bases,restaurant bistro tables outdoor cafe,restaurant dining tables,restaurant kitchen tables,restaurant round tables,used restaurant table chairs,restaurant counter height tables,bistro style tables,food bistro tables,pizza bistro tables,steakhouse bistro tables,menu bistro tables,resturant tables,restaurant bar tables,restaurant ikea,restaurant target,chinese bistro tables, Comments Comments are closed. Recent Posts Chrome Bar Table & 2 Chrome Finish Oakland Raiders NFL Fabric Seat Barstools to Enjoy Big Savings EmuAmericas 902 ABRONZE Bistro Table, 32 in Diameter, Solid Pedestal, Bronze at Cool Savings 4 Red Glitter Vinyl Barstools and White Table Set at Lowest Prices LumiSource Bistro Hydraulic Bar Table, Chrome on Sale Now Chrome Bar Table & 2 Chrome Finish Leopard Animal Print Fabric Seat Barstools Deals Chrome Bar Table & 2 Chrome Baltimore Ravens NFL Fabric Seat Barstools on Deals 9ft Rotating tilt Wooden Market Umbrella Natural Hot Price LumiSource Bistro Hydraulic Bar Table, Chrome at Cool Savings Tags Barstools Bistro Chrome Fabric LumiSource Savings Table Powered by WordPress and Created for Restaurant Bistro Tables | Patio Table Store http //restaurantbistrotables.patiotablestore.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com Web Toolbar by Wibiya')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01127', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Restaurant Bistro Tables LumiSource Bistro Hydraulic Bar Table, Chrome at Cool Savings Chrome Bar Table & 2 Chrome Baltimore Ravens NFL Fabric Seat Barstools on Deals 9ft Rotating tilt Wooden Market Umbrella Natural Hot Price Get information about 9ft Rotating tilt Wooden Market Umbrella Natural online. Best buy 9ft Rotating tilt Wooden Market Umbrella Natural and get more new arrival on 9ft Rotating tilt Wooden Market Umbrella Natural. Customer buying Choice 9ft Rotating tilt Wooden Market Umbrella Natural. Quick! This promotion with limited time offer. Get 9ft Rotating tilt Wooden Market Umbrella Natural Now!. read more 9ft Rotating tilt Wooden Market Umbrella Natural description 9ft wood market umbrella 8 ribs, hardwood with teak oil finish. With pulley for easy open and close. Click here to order 9ft Rotating tilt Wooden Market Umbrella Natural now while the stocks last 9ft wood market umbrella 8 ribs, hardwood with teak oil finish Wth pulley for easy open and close. polyester fabric. Rotating tilt for better shade New Years Eve Deals For This Year. Do not miss 9ft Rotating tilt Wooden Market Umbrella Natural product. Decided to COL4 it online today. The cheapest place I have seen this 9ft Rotating tilt Wooden Market Umbrella Natural is Shop Online. Click here find new arrival 9ft Rotating tilt Wooden Market Umbrella Natural now. Title 4 35 Relate keywords restaurant bistro tables,restaurant dining tables,restaurant kitchen tables,restaurant cafe tables,restaurant round tables,used restaurant table chairs,resturant tables,bistro style tables,bistro tables restaurant furniture,restaurant bistro tables chairs,restaurant bistro tables cafe,restaurant bistro table bases,restaurant bistro tables outdoor cafe,restaurant dining tables,restaurant kitchen tables,restaurant round tables,used restaurant table chairs,restaurant counter height tables,bistro style tables,food bistro tables,pizza bistro tables,steakhouse bistro tables,menu bistro tables,resturant tables,restaurant bar tables,restaurant ikea,restaurant target,chinese bistro tables, Comments Comments are closed. Recent Posts Chrome Bar Table & 2 Chrome Finish Oakland Raiders NFL Fabric Seat Barstools to Enjoy Big Savings EmuAmericas 902 ABRONZE Bistro Table, 32 in Diameter, Solid Pedestal, Bronze at Cool Savings 4 Red Glitter Vinyl Barstools and White Table Set at Lowest Prices LumiSource Bistro Hydraulic Bar Table, Chrome on Sale Now Chrome Bar Table & 2 Chrome Finish Leopard Animal Print Fabric Seat Barstools Deals Chrome Bar Table & 2 Chrome Baltimore Ravens NFL Fabric Seat Barstools on Deals 9ft Rotating tilt Wooden Market Umbrella Natural Hot Price LumiSource Bistro Hydraulic Bar Table, Chrome at Cool Savings Tags Barstools Bistro Chrome Fabric LumiSource Savings Table Powered by WordPress and Created for Restaurant Bistro Tables | Patio Table Store http //restaurantbistrotables.patiotablestore.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com Web Toolbar by Wibiya')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01128', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Restaurant Bistro Tables EmuAmericas 902 ABRONZE Bistro Table, 32 in Diameter, Solid Pedestal, Bronze at Cool Savings Chrome Bar Table & 2 Chrome Finish Oakland Raiders NFL Fabric Seat Barstools to Enjoy Big Savings Get information about Chrome Bar Table & 2 Chrome Finish Oakland Raiders NFL Fabric Seat Barstools online. Buy Chrome Bar Table & 2 Chrome Finish Oakland Raiders NFL Fabric Seat Barstools and get more cheap price on Chrome Bar Table & 2 Chrome Finish Oakland Raiders NFL Fabric Seat Barstools. Customer buying Choice Chrome Bar Table & 2 Chrome Finish Oakland Raiders NFL Fabric Seat Barstools. Quick! This promotion with limited time offer. Get Chrome Bar Table & 2 Chrome Finish Oakland Raiders NFL Fabric Seat Barstools Now!. read more Chrome Bar Table & 2 Chrome Finish Oakland Raiders NFL Fabric Seat Barstools description Great new Bistro Bar stool set. The seats are 29 tall and feature an Oakland Raiders NFL Football themed fabric upholstery. These come with a retro chrome finish. They re strong, new and well built. This table stands 42 tall and 30 across. This table comes in black. This set is made in the traditional soda fountain style and is a quality piece of furniture. This auction is for two stools and the black table! Click here to order Chrome Bar Table & 2 Chrome Finish Oakland Raiders NFL Fabric Seat Barstools now while the stocks last 29 Seat Height Chrome Finish Stools Swivel Seat 3 Piece Set includes Table and 2 24 -29 Bar Stools Oakland Raiders NFL Football Themed Fabric Print Seat Weekend Deals For This Year. Do not miss Chrome Bar Table & 2 Chrome Finish Oakland Raiders NFL Fabric Seat Barstools product. Decided to COL4 it now. The cheapest place I have seen this Chrome Bar Table & 2 Chrome Finish Oakland Raiders NFL Fabric Seat Barstools is Shop Online. Click here find cheap price Chrome Bar Table & 2 Chrome Finish Oakland Raiders NFL Fabric Seat Barstools now. Title 4 34 Relate keywords restaurant bistro tables,restaurant dining tables,restaurant kitchen tables,restaurant cafe tables,restaurant round tables,used restaurant table chairs,resturant tables,bistro style tables,bistro tables restaurant furniture,restaurant bistro tables chairs,restaurant bistro tables cafe,restaurant bistro table bases,restaurant bistro tables outdoor cafe,restaurant dining tables,restaurant kitchen tables,restaurant round tables,used restaurant table chairs,restaurant counter height tables,bistro style tables,food bistro tables,pizza bistro tables,steakhouse bistro tables,menu bistro tables,resturant tables,restaurant bar tables,restaurant ikea,restaurant target,chinese bistro tables, Comments Comments are closed. Recent Posts Chrome Bar Table & 2 Chrome Finish Oakland Raiders NFL Fabric Seat Barstools to Enjoy Big Savings EmuAmericas 902 ABRONZE Bistro Table, 32 in Diameter, Solid Pedestal, Bronze at Cool Savings 4 Red Glitter Vinyl Barstools and White Table Set at Lowest Prices LumiSource Bistro Hydraulic Bar Table, Chrome on Sale Now Chrome Bar Table & 2 Chrome Finish Leopard Animal Print Fabric Seat Barstools Deals Chrome Bar Table & 2 Chrome Baltimore Ravens NFL Fabric Seat Barstools on Deals 9ft Rotating tilt Wooden Market Umbrella Natural Hot Price LumiSource Bistro Hydraulic Bar Table, Chrome at Cool Savings Tags Barstools Bistro Chrome Fabric LumiSource Savings Table Powered by WordPress and Created for Restaurant Bistro Tables | Patio Table Store http //restaurantbistrotables.patiotablestore.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com Web Toolbar by Wibiya')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01129', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Restaurant Bistro Tables 4 Red Glitter Vinyl Barstools and White Table Set at Lowest Prices Chrome Bar Table & 2 Chrome Finish Oakland Raiders NFL Fabric Seat Barstools to Enjoy Big Savings EmuAmericas 902 ABRONZE Bistro Table, 32 in Diameter, Solid Pedestal, Bronze at Cool Savings Get research about EmuAmericas 902 ABRONZE Bistro Table, 32 in Diameter, Solid Pedestal, Bronze online. Best order EmuAmericas 902 ABRONZE Bistro Table, 32 in Diameter, Solid Pedestal, Bronze and get more hot bestseller on EmuAmericas 902 ABRONZE Bistro Table, 32 in Diameter, Solid Pedestal, Bronze. Customer buying Choice EmuAmericas 902 ABRONZE Bistro Table, 32 in Diameter, Solid Pedestal, Bronze. Quick! This promotion with limited time offer. Get EmuAmericas 902 ABRONZE Bistro Table, 32 in Diameter, Solid Pedestal, Bronze Now!. read more EmuAmericas 902 ABRONZE Bistro Table, 32 in Diameter, Solid Pedestal, Bronze description Bistro Table, 32 diameter, outdoor/indoor, solid steel pedestal and top, tubular steel column, e-coated steel, powder coated, PVC foot caps EmuAmericas 902 ABRONZE Click here to order EmuAmericas 902 ABRONZE Bistro Table, 32 in Diameter, Solid Pedestal, Bronze now while the stocks last Christmas Day Deals For This Year. Do not miss EmuAmericas 902 ABRONZE Bistro Table, 32 in Diameter, Solid Pedestal, Bronze product. Decided to COL4 it here. The cheapest place I have seen this EmuAmericas 902 ABRONZE Bistro Table, 32 in Diameter, Solid Pedestal, Bronze is Shop Online. Click here find hot bestseller EmuAmericas 902 ABRONZE Bistro Table, 32 in Diameter, Solid Pedestal, Bronze now. Title 4 24 Relate keywords restaurant bistro tables,restaurant dining tables,restaurant kitchen tables,restaurant cafe tables,restaurant round tables,used restaurant table chairs,resturant tables,bistro style tables,bistro tables restaurant furniture,restaurant bistro tables chairs,restaurant bistro tables cafe,restaurant bistro table bases,restaurant bistro tables outdoor cafe,restaurant dining tables,restaurant kitchen tables,restaurant round tables,used restaurant table chairs,restaurant counter height tables,bistro style tables,food bistro tables,pizza bistro tables,steakhouse bistro tables,menu bistro tables,resturant tables,restaurant bar tables,restaurant ikea,restaurant target,chinese bistro tables, Comments Comments are closed. Recent Posts Chrome Bar Table & 2 Chrome Finish Oakland Raiders NFL Fabric Seat Barstools to Enjoy Big Savings EmuAmericas 902 ABRONZE Bistro Table, 32 in Diameter, Solid Pedestal, Bronze at Cool Savings 4 Red Glitter Vinyl Barstools and White Table Set at Lowest Prices LumiSource Bistro Hydraulic Bar Table, Chrome on Sale Now Chrome Bar Table & 2 Chrome Finish Leopard Animal Print Fabric Seat Barstools Deals Chrome Bar Table & 2 Chrome Baltimore Ravens NFL Fabric Seat Barstools on Deals 9ft Rotating tilt Wooden Market Umbrella Natural Hot Price LumiSource Bistro Hydraulic Bar Table, Chrome at Cool Savings Tags Barstools Bistro Chrome Fabric LumiSource Savings Table Powered by WordPress and Created for Restaurant Bistro Tables | Patio Table Store http //restaurantbistrotables.patiotablestore.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com Web Toolbar by Wibiya')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01130', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Restaurant Bistro Tables 9ft Rotating tilt Wooden Market Umbrella Natural Hot Price LumiSource Bistro Hydraulic Bar Table, Chrome at Cool Savings Get research about LumiSource Bistro Hydraulic Bar Table, Chrome online. Order LumiSource Bistro Hydraulic Bar Table, Chrome and get more cheapest price on LumiSource Bistro Hydraulic Bar Table, Chrome. Customer buying Choice LumiSource Bistro Hydraulic Bar Table, Chrome. Quick! This promotion with limited time offer. Get LumiSource Bistro Hydraulic Bar Table, Chrome Now!. read more LumiSource Bistro Hydraulic Bar Table, Chrome description Stainless steel-like top features a decorative hypnotic swirl pattern. Hydraulic lever adjusts table from 26 to 41 inches in height. Perfect for smaller kitchens or dining areas. Polished chrome base. Click here to order LumiSource Bistro Hydraulic Bar Table, Chrome now while the stocks last Sleek caf -style bar table with adjustable height and intimate sizing Fashioned with a gleaming chrome base, stem, and rim Swirl-pattern top mimics the look and feel of stainless steel Hydraulic lever adjusts height from 26 to 41 inches; 22-inch diameter Works well for small spaces and coordinates with chairs or barstools Halloween Deals For This Year. Do not miss LumiSource Bistro Hydraulic Bar Table, Chrome product. Decided to COL4 it today. The cheapest place I have seen this LumiSource Bistro Hydraulic Bar Table, Chrome is Shop Online. Click here find cheapest price LumiSource Bistro Hydraulic Bar Table, Chrome now. Title 4 31 Relate keywords restaurant bistro tables,restaurant dining tables,restaurant kitchen tables,restaurant cafe tables,restaurant round tables,used restaurant table chairs,resturant tables,bistro style tables,bistro tables restaurant furniture,restaurant bistro tables chairs,restaurant bistro tables cafe,restaurant bistro table bases,restaurant bistro tables outdoor cafe,restaurant dining tables,restaurant kitchen tables,restaurant round tables,used restaurant table chairs,restaurant counter height tables,bistro style tables,food bistro tables,pizza bistro tables,steakhouse bistro tables,menu bistro tables,resturant tables,restaurant bar tables,restaurant ikea,restaurant target,chinese bistro tables, Comments Comments are closed. Recent Posts Chrome Bar Table & 2 Chrome Finish Oakland Raiders NFL Fabric Seat Barstools to Enjoy Big Savings EmuAmericas 902 ABRONZE Bistro Table, 32 in Diameter, Solid Pedestal, Bronze at Cool Savings 4 Red Glitter Vinyl Barstools and White Table Set at Lowest Prices LumiSource Bistro Hydraulic Bar Table, Chrome on Sale Now Chrome Bar Table & 2 Chrome Finish Leopard Animal Print Fabric Seat Barstools Deals Chrome Bar Table & 2 Chrome Baltimore Ravens NFL Fabric Seat Barstools on Deals 9ft Rotating tilt Wooden Market Umbrella Natural Hot Price LumiSource Bistro Hydraulic Bar Table, Chrome at Cool Savings Tags Barstools Bistro Chrome Fabric LumiSource Savings Table Powered by WordPress and Created for Restaurant Bistro Tables | Patio Table Store http //restaurantbistrotables.patiotablestore.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com Web Toolbar by Wibiya')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01132', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Stainless Steel Mesh Grill Stainless Steel Grilling Basket to Lowest Prices Stainless Steel Grilling Basket to Compare Great Prices Stainless Steel Grilling Basket at Reduced Prices Everything you need to know on Stainless Steel Grilling Basket product. Learn more about Stainless Steel Grilling Basket product features, compare similar Stainless Steel Grilling Basket products, see reviews and price trends, and find the new products Stainless Steel Grilling Basket Shop Online. read more Read the rest of this entry Tags Basket , Grilling , Grilling Stainless , Lowest , Prices , Stainless , Stainless Basket Bayou Classic 0709 Mesh Basket with Wooden Handle to Enjoy Big Savings Bayou Classic 0709 Mesh Basket with Wooden Handle to Save Big Bayou Classic 0709 Mesh Basket with Wooden Handle to Deep Discounts Everything you need to know on Bayou Classic 0709 Mesh Basket with Wooden Handle product. See more about Bayou Classic 0709 Mesh Basket with Wooden Handle product features, compare similar Bayou Classic 0709 Mesh Basket with Wooden Handle products, see reviews and price trends, and find the bestsellers Bayou Classic 0709 Mesh Basket with Wooden Handle Shop Online. read more Read the rest of this entry Tags Basket , Classic , Handle , Savings , Wooden , Wooden Handle 2011 Buick Regal Fine Mesh Grille Grill LOWER Bumper 1 PC ONLY By E&G to Buy Cheap 2011 Buick Regal Fine Mesh Grille Grill LOWER Bumper 1 PC ONLY By E&G to Compare Prices 2011 Buick Regal Fine Mesh Grille Grill LOWER Bumper 1 PC ONLY By E&G to Enjoy Savings And Selection Everything you need to know on 2011 Buick Regal Fine Mesh Grille Grill LOWER Bumper 1 PC ONLY By E&G product. Search more about 2011 Buick Regal Fine Mesh Grille Grill LOWER Bumper 1 PC ONLY By E&G product features, compare similar 2011 Buick Regal Fine Mesh Grille Grill LOWER Bumper 1 PC ONLY By E&G products, see reviews and price trends, and find the promotions 2011 Buick Regal Fine Mesh Grille Grill LOWER Bumper 1 PC ONLY By E&G Shop Online. read more Read the rest of this entry Tags Bumper , Bumper Grille , Grille Char-Broil 2485049/2785049 Brush Hawg Grill Brush with Replaceable Head to Compare Great Prices Char-Broil 2485049/2785049 Brush Hawg Grill Brush with Replaceable Head to Buy Lowest Prices Char-Broil 2485049/2785049 Brush Hawg Grill Brush with Replaceable Head For Save Big Everything you need to know on Char-Broil 2485049/2785049 Brush Hawg Grill Brush with Replaceable Head product. Find more about Char-Broil 2485049/2785049 Brush Hawg Grill Brush with Replaceable Head product features, compare similar Char-Broil 2485049/2785049 Brush Hawg Grill Brush with Replaceable Head products, see reviews and price trends, and find the hot products Char-Broil 2485049/2785049 Brush Hawg Grill Brush with Replaceable Head Shop Online. read more Read the rest of this entry Tags 24850492785049 , 24850492785049 Prices , 24850492785049 Replaceable , CharBroil , Compare , Prices , Replaceable Bayou Classic 18-Inch Skimmer to Buy And Save Big Bayou Classic 18-Inch Skimmer to Enjoy Big Savings Bayou Classic 18-Inch Skimmer to Compare Prices And Save Everything you need to know on Bayou Classic 18-Inch Skimmer product. See more about Bayou Classic 18-Inch Skimmer product features, compare similar Bayou Classic 18-Inch Skimmer products, see reviews and price trends, and find the best values Bayou Classic 18-Inch Skimmer Shop Online. read more Read the rest of this entry Tags 18Inch , 18Inch Skimmer , Classic , Skimmer , Skimmer Classic Stainless Steel Grilling Pan to Enjoy Big Savings Stainless Steel Grilling Pan to Lowest Prices Stainless Steel Grilling Pan For Best Price online Everything you need to know on Stainless Steel Grilling Pan product. Learn more about Stainless Steel Grilling Pan product features, compare similar Stainless Steel Grilling Pan products, see reviews and price trends, and find the best products Stainless Steel Grilling Pan Shop Online. read more Read the rest of this entry Tags Grilling , Grilling Savings , Savings , Savings Stainless , Stainless Mr Bar B Q 06805X Stainless Steel Mesh Roasting Pan to Lowest Prices Mr Bar B Q 06805X Stainless Steel Mesh Roasting Pan to Enjoy Big Savings Mr Bar B Q 06805X Stainless Steel Mesh Roasting Pan Shop Everything you need to know on Mr Bar B Q 06805X Stainless Steel Mesh Roasting Pan product. Search more about Mr Bar B Q 06805X Stainless Steel Mesh Roasting Pan product features, compare similar Mr Bar B Q 06805X Stainless Steel Mesh Roasting Pan products, see reviews and price trends, and find the top bestsellers Mr Bar B Q 06805X Stainless Steel Mesh Roasting Pan Shop Online. read more Read the rest of this entry Tags 06805X , 06805X Roasting , Lowest , Prices , Roasting , Roasting Prices , Stainless Oxo SteeL Kitchen Tool and Utensil Rack to Buy Cheap Oxo SteeL Kitchen Tool and Utensil Rack to Compare Prices Oxo SteeL Kitchen Tool and Utensil Rack to Lowest Prices Everything you need to know on Oxo SteeL Kitchen Tool and Utensil Rack product. Search more about Oxo SteeL Kitchen Tool and Utensil Rack product features, compare similar Oxo SteeL Kitchen Tool and Utensil Rack products, see reviews and price trends, and find the new products Oxo SteeL Kitchen Tool and Utensil Rack Shop Online. read more Read the rest of this entry Tags Kitchen , Kitchen Utensil , Utensil , Utensil Kitchen Recent Posts Stainless Steel Grilling Basket to Lowest Prices Bayou Classic 0709 Mesh Basket with Wooden Handle to Enjoy Big Savings 2011 Buick Regal Fine Mesh Grille Grill LOWER Bumper 1 PC ONLY By E&G to Buy Cheap Char-Broil 2485049/2785049 Brush Hawg Grill Brush with Replaceable Head to Compare Great Prices Bayou Classic 18-Inch Skimmer to Buy And Save Big Stainless Steel Grilling Pan to Enjoy Big Savings Mr Bar B Q 06805X Stainless Steel Mesh Roasting Pan to Lowest Prices Oxo SteeL Kitchen Tool and Utensil Rack to Buy Cheap Tags Basket Classic Grilling Kitchen Lowest Prices Savings Stainless Utensil Utensil Kitchen Powered by WordPress and Created for Stainless Steel Mesh Grill | Gas Barbecue Sale http //stainlesssteelmeshgrill.gasbarbecuesale.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com Web Toolbar by Wibiya')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01133', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Stainless Steel Mesh Grill Char-Broil 2485049/2785049 Brush Hawg Grill Brush with Replaceable Head to Compare Great Prices Bayou Classic 0709 Mesh Basket with Wooden Handle to Enjoy Big Savings 2011 Buick Regal Fine Mesh Grille Grill LOWER Bumper 1 PC ONLY By E&G to Buy Cheap 2011 Buick Regal Fine Mesh Grille Grill LOWER Bumper 1 PC ONLY By E&G to Compare Prices 2011 Buick Regal Fine Mesh Grille Grill LOWER Bumper 1 PC ONLY By E&G to Enjoy Savings And Selection Everything you need to know on 2011 Buick Regal Fine Mesh Grille Grill LOWER Bumper 1 PC ONLY By E&G product. Search more about 2011 Buick Regal Fine Mesh Grille Grill LOWER Bumper 1 PC ONLY By E&G product features, compare similar 2011 Buick Regal Fine Mesh Grille Grill LOWER Bumper 1 PC ONLY By E&G products, see reviews and price trends, and find the promotions 2011 Buick Regal Fine Mesh Grille Grill LOWER Bumper 1 PC ONLY By E&G Shop Online. read more 2011 Buick Regal Fine Mesh Grille Grill LOWER Bumper 1 PC ONLY By E&G description For more than 35 years, E&G Classics has been the leader in automotive aftermarket restyling. With finely crafted accessories such as Classic Roof Packages, Custom Grilles and Ground Effect Kits, E&G has the products you desire. Our accessories are produced with unparalleled attention to detail and precision craftsmanship.E&G is an American company and we produce all of our products in the U.S. We believe in old-fashioned craftsmanship and use only the highest quality materials. No cheap plastic parts or short cuts for us! At E&G we continually invest in new technology as well as design and manufacturing capabilities that keep ourselves at the forefront of the automotive restyling industry.Our worldwide network over 100 distributors, located in every major metropolitan market in the U.S., allows us to distribute our high quality products globally as well as affordably. We are currently shipping products to Australia, Canada, Europe, Japan, Russia and the Middle East. We find cheap price for 2011 Buick Regal Fine Mesh Grille Grill LOWER Bumper 1 PC ONLY By E&G with super save shipping, Don\\ t miss this chance !! Save time and money for 2011 Buick Regal Fine Mesh Grille Grill LOWER Bumper 1 PC ONLY By E&G. order 2011 Buick Regal Fine Mesh Grille Grill LOWER Bumper 1 PC ONLY By E&G item from a hot products. You can also review products and compare prices for order 2011 Buick Regal Fine Mesh Grille Grill LOWER Bumper 1 PC ONLY By E&G now listings below. Click Here to Check Price Now! Before Time Expires and Sold Out!! Fast Shipping to You Just a Few Moment in Low Price Title 4 23 Relate keywords stainless steel mesh grill,stainless steel wire mesh,wire mesh grille,gas mesh grill,aluminum mesh grill,kitchen mesh grill,metal mesh grill,titanium mesh grill,stainless steel billet grill,stainless steel chrome grill,stainless steel custom grill,stainless steel accessories,stainless steel body kit,stainless steel parts,stainless steel rims,stainless steel grill wire mesh,stainless steel grill woven mesh,glass mesh grill Comments Tags Bumper , Bumper Grille , Grille Comments are closed. Recent Posts Stainless Steel Grilling Basket to Lowest Prices Bayou Classic 0709 Mesh Basket with Wooden Handle to Enjoy Big Savings 2011 Buick Regal Fine Mesh Grille Grill LOWER Bumper 1 PC ONLY By E&G to Buy Cheap Char-Broil 2485049/2785049 Brush Hawg Grill Brush with Replaceable Head to Compare Great Prices Bayou Classic 18-Inch Skimmer to Buy And Save Big Stainless Steel Grilling Pan to Enjoy Big Savings Mr Bar B Q 06805X Stainless Steel Mesh Roasting Pan to Lowest Prices Oxo SteeL Kitchen Tool and Utensil Rack to Buy Cheap Tags Basket Classic Grilling Kitchen Lowest Prices Savings Stainless Utensil Utensil Kitchen Powered by WordPress and Created for Stainless Steel Mesh Grill | Gas Barbecue Sale http //stainlesssteelmeshgrill.gasbarbecuesale.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com Web Toolbar by Wibiya')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01134', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Stainless Steel Mesh Grill 2011 Buick Regal Fine Mesh Grille Grill LOWER Bumper 1 PC ONLY By E&G to Buy Cheap Stainless Steel Grilling Basket to Lowest Prices Bayou Classic 0709 Mesh Basket with Wooden Handle to Enjoy Big Savings Bayou Classic 0709 Mesh Basket with Wooden Handle to Save Big Bayou Classic 0709 Mesh Basket with Wooden Handle to Deep Discounts Everything you need to know on Bayou Classic 0709 Mesh Basket with Wooden Handle product. See more about Bayou Classic 0709 Mesh Basket with Wooden Handle product features, compare similar Bayou Classic 0709 Mesh Basket with Wooden Handle products, see reviews and price trends, and find the bestsellers Bayou Classic 0709 Mesh Basket with Wooden Handle Shop Online. read more Bayou Classic 0709 Mesh Basket with Wooden Handle description Bayou Classic s Large Mesh Basket with Wooden Handle is 12 in. wide and 29 in. long. Perfect for scooping seafood, crawfish, shrimp and vegetables. We find low price for Bayou Classic 0709 Mesh Basket with Wooden Handle with super save shipping, Don\\ t miss this chance !! Oversized 11-inch-diameter mesh basket strains particles out of oil Made of fine nickel-plated wire mesh with wood handle 2 hooks slip over rim of stockpot so food can drain Ideal also for retrieving shrimp, vegetables, and small food items Measures 30 inches in overall length Save time and money for Bayou Classic 0709 Mesh Basket with Wooden Handle. order Bayou Classic 0709 Mesh Basket with Wooden Handle item from a new promotions. You can also review products and compare prices for order Bayou Classic 0709 Mesh Basket with Wooden Handle now listings below. Click Here to Check Price Now! Before Time Expires and Sold Out!! Fast Shipping to You Just a Few Moment in Cheapest Price Title 4 28 Relate keywords stainless steel mesh grill,stainless steel wire mesh,wire mesh grille,gas mesh grill,aluminum mesh grill,kitchen mesh grill,metal mesh grill,titanium mesh grill,stainless steel billet grill,stainless steel chrome grill,stainless steel custom grill,stainless steel accessories,stainless steel body kit,stainless steel parts,stainless steel rims,stainless steel grill wire mesh,stainless steel grill woven mesh,glass mesh grill Comments Tags Basket , Classic , Handle , Savings , Wooden , Wooden Handle Comments are closed. Recent Posts Stainless Steel Grilling Basket to Lowest Prices Bayou Classic 0709 Mesh Basket with Wooden Handle to Enjoy Big Savings 2011 Buick Regal Fine Mesh Grille Grill LOWER Bumper 1 PC ONLY By E&G to Buy Cheap Char-Broil 2485049/2785049 Brush Hawg Grill Brush with Replaceable Head to Compare Great Prices Bayou Classic 18-Inch Skimmer to Buy And Save Big Stainless Steel Grilling Pan to Enjoy Big Savings Mr Bar B Q 06805X Stainless Steel Mesh Roasting Pan to Lowest Prices Oxo SteeL Kitchen Tool and Utensil Rack to Buy Cheap Tags Basket Classic Grilling Kitchen Lowest Prices Savings Stainless Utensil Utensil Kitchen Powered by WordPress and Created for Stainless Steel Mesh Grill | Gas Barbecue Sale http //stainlesssteelmeshgrill.gasbarbecuesale.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com Web Toolbar by Wibiya')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01135', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Stainless Steel Mesh Grill Oxo SteeL Kitchen Tool and Utensil Rack to Buy Cheap Stainless Steel Grilling Pan to Enjoy Big Savings Mr Bar B Q 06805X Stainless Steel Mesh Roasting Pan to Lowest Prices Mr Bar B Q 06805X Stainless Steel Mesh Roasting Pan to Enjoy Big Savings Mr Bar B Q 06805X Stainless Steel Mesh Roasting Pan Shop Everything you need to know on Mr Bar B Q 06805X Stainless Steel Mesh Roasting Pan product. Search more about Mr Bar B Q 06805X Stainless Steel Mesh Roasting Pan product features, compare similar Mr Bar B Q 06805X Stainless Steel Mesh Roasting Pan products, see reviews and price trends, and find the top bestsellers Mr Bar B Q 06805X Stainless Steel Mesh Roasting Pan Shop Online. read more Mr Bar B Q 06805X Stainless Steel Mesh Roasting Pan description Stainless steel mesh roasting pan We find low price for Mr Bar B Q 06805X Stainless Steel Mesh Roasting Pan with super save shipping, Don\\ t miss this chance !! Roasting pan 0.8mm Stainless steel 2 Handles for easy on/off use Perfect for roasts, poultry, vegetables and cooking entire meals Save time and money for Mr Bar B Q 06805X Stainless Steel Mesh Roasting Pan. buy Mr Bar B Q 06805X Stainless Steel Mesh Roasting Pan item from a top bestsellers. You can also review products and compare prices for buy Mr Bar B Q 06805X Stainless Steel Mesh Roasting Pan now listings below. Click Here to Check Price Now! Before Time Expires and Sold Out!! Fast Shipping to You Just a Few Moment in Discount Price Title 4 35 Relate keywords stainless steel mesh grill,stainless steel wire mesh,wire mesh grille,gas mesh grill,aluminum mesh grill,kitchen mesh grill,metal mesh grill,titanium mesh grill,stainless steel billet grill,stainless steel chrome grill,stainless steel custom grill,stainless steel accessories,stainless steel body kit,stainless steel parts,stainless steel rims,stainless steel grill wire mesh,stainless steel grill woven mesh,glass mesh grill Comments Tags 06805X , 06805X Roasting , Lowest , Prices , Roasting , Roasting Prices , Stainless Comments are closed. Recent Posts Stainless Steel Grilling Basket to Lowest Prices Bayou Classic 0709 Mesh Basket with Wooden Handle to Enjoy Big Savings 2011 Buick Regal Fine Mesh Grille Grill LOWER Bumper 1 PC ONLY By E&G to Buy Cheap Char-Broil 2485049/2785049 Brush Hawg Grill Brush with Replaceable Head to Compare Great Prices Bayou Classic 18-Inch Skimmer to Buy And Save Big Stainless Steel Grilling Pan to Enjoy Big Savings Mr Bar B Q 06805X Stainless Steel Mesh Roasting Pan to Lowest Prices Oxo SteeL Kitchen Tool and Utensil Rack to Buy Cheap Tags Basket Classic Grilling Kitchen Lowest Prices Savings Stainless Utensil Utensil Kitchen Powered by WordPress and Created for Stainless Steel Mesh Grill | Gas Barbecue Sale http //stainlesssteelmeshgrill.gasbarbecuesale.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com Web Toolbar by Wibiya')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01136', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Stainless Steel Mesh Grill Mr Bar B Q 06805X Stainless Steel Mesh Roasting Pan to Lowest Prices Oxo SteeL Kitchen Tool and Utensil Rack to Buy Cheap Oxo SteeL Kitchen Tool and Utensil Rack to Compare Prices Oxo SteeL Kitchen Tool and Utensil Rack to Lowest Prices Everything you need to know on Oxo SteeL Kitchen Tool and Utensil Rack product. Search more about Oxo SteeL Kitchen Tool and Utensil Rack product features, compare similar Oxo SteeL Kitchen Tool and Utensil Rack products, see reviews and price trends, and find the new products Oxo SteeL Kitchen Tool and Utensil Rack Shop Online. read more Oxo SteeL Kitchen Tool and Utensil Rack description In need of some pegs Store your hanging tools, specifically OXO s SteeL and Good Grips tools, with ease and style with this tool rack. The rack is equipped with six pegs, and is quick and easy to install using the included hardware. It is made entirely of sleek and durable stainless steel, and looks fantastic in every kitchen setting. OXO was founded on the philosophy of Universal Design, which is the concept of designing products that are easy to use for the largest possible spectrum of users. In the case of OXO, it means designing products for young and old, male and female, left- and right- handed and many with special needs. These ergonomically- designed, trans-generational tools set a new standard for the industry and raised the bar of consumer expectation for comfort and performance. We find bargain price for Oxo SteeL Kitchen Tool and Utensil Rack with super save shipping, Don\\ t miss this chance !! Convenient storage for OXO SteeL, OXO Good Grips, or other tools Holds six tools on sliding hooks Made entirely of stainless steel Easy to install with included hardware Measures 17-3/4 inches long Save time and money for Oxo SteeL Kitchen Tool and Utensil Rack. buy Oxo SteeL Kitchen Tool and Utensil Rack item from a top products. You can also review products and compare prices for buy Oxo SteeL Kitchen Tool and Utensil Rack now listings below. Click Here to Check Price Now! Before Time Expires and Sold Out!! Fast Shipping to You Just a Few Moment in Incredible Price Title 4 38 Relate keywords stainless steel mesh grill,stainless steel wire mesh,wire mesh grille,gas mesh grill,aluminum mesh grill,kitchen mesh grill,metal mesh grill,titanium mesh grill,stainless steel billet grill,stainless steel chrome grill,stainless steel custom grill,stainless steel accessories,stainless steel body kit,stainless steel parts,stainless steel rims,stainless steel grill wire mesh,stainless steel grill woven mesh,glass mesh grill Comments Tags Kitchen , Kitchen Utensil , Utensil , Utensil Kitchen Comments are closed. Recent Posts Stainless Steel Grilling Basket to Lowest Prices Bayou Classic 0709 Mesh Basket with Wooden Handle to Enjoy Big Savings 2011 Buick Regal Fine Mesh Grille Grill LOWER Bumper 1 PC ONLY By E&G to Buy Cheap Char-Broil 2485049/2785049 Brush Hawg Grill Brush with Replaceable Head to Compare Great Prices Bayou Classic 18-Inch Skimmer to Buy And Save Big Stainless Steel Grilling Pan to Enjoy Big Savings Mr Bar B Q 06805X Stainless Steel Mesh Roasting Pan to Lowest Prices Oxo SteeL Kitchen Tool and Utensil Rack to Buy Cheap Tags Basket Classic Grilling Kitchen Lowest Prices Savings Stainless Utensil Utensil Kitchen Powered by WordPress and Created for Stainless Steel Mesh Grill | Gas Barbecue Sale http //stainlesssteelmeshgrill.gasbarbecuesale.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com Web Toolbar by Wibiya')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01137', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Stainless Steel Mesh Grill Bayou Classic 0709 Mesh Basket with Wooden Handle to Enjoy Big Savings Stainless Steel Grilling Basket to Lowest Prices Stainless Steel Grilling Basket to Compare Great Prices Stainless Steel Grilling Basket at Reduced Prices Everything you need to know on Stainless Steel Grilling Basket product. Learn more about Stainless Steel Grilling Basket product features, compare similar Stainless Steel Grilling Basket products, see reviews and price trends, and find the new products Stainless Steel Grilling Basket Shop Online. read more Stainless Steel Grilling Basket description Stainless Steel Grilling Basket. Perfect for grilling veggies and other small items. Our Stainless Steel Grilling Basket delivers gourmet results from your grill. Use it to prepare crisp, tasty vegetables, shrimp, stir-fries and other small food items. Professional-grade stainless-steel mesh prevents food from slipping into the fire and stands up to years of use. Once youve used it, youll never want to be without it! Basket makes cooking on your grill easier. And isnt that what grilling out should be all about easy Our Grilling Basket has a removable, extra-long handle to help keep your hands away from the heat. And after dinner, just run it through the dishwasher to clean. Grill smarter with the Stainless Steel Grilling Basket from Brookstone. Order today! We find great price for Stainless Steel Grilling Basket with super save shipping, Don\\ t miss this chance !! Save time and money for Stainless Steel Grilling Basket. order Stainless Steel Grilling Basket item from a new releases. You can also review products and compare prices for order Stainless Steel Grilling Basket now listings below. Click Here to Check Price Now! Before Time Expires and Sold Out!! Fast Shipping to You Just a Few Moment in Best Price Title 4 20 Relate keywords stainless steel mesh grill,stainless steel wire mesh,wire mesh grille,gas mesh grill,aluminum mesh grill,kitchen mesh grill,metal mesh grill,titanium mesh grill,stainless steel billet grill,stainless steel chrome grill,stainless steel custom grill,stainless steel accessories,stainless steel body kit,stainless steel parts,stainless steel rims,stainless steel grill wire mesh,stainless steel grill woven mesh,glass mesh grill Comments Tags Basket , Grilling , Grilling Stainless , Lowest , Prices , Stainless , Stainless Basket Comments are closed. Recent Posts Stainless Steel Grilling Basket to Lowest Prices Bayou Classic 0709 Mesh Basket with Wooden Handle to Enjoy Big Savings 2011 Buick Regal Fine Mesh Grille Grill LOWER Bumper 1 PC ONLY By E&G to Buy Cheap Char-Broil 2485049/2785049 Brush Hawg Grill Brush with Replaceable Head to Compare Great Prices Bayou Classic 18-Inch Skimmer to Buy And Save Big Stainless Steel Grilling Pan to Enjoy Big Savings Mr Bar B Q 06805X Stainless Steel Mesh Roasting Pan to Lowest Prices Oxo SteeL Kitchen Tool and Utensil Rack to Buy Cheap Tags Basket Classic Grilling Kitchen Lowest Prices Savings Stainless Utensil Utensil Kitchen Powered by WordPress and Created for Stainless Steel Mesh Grill | Gas Barbecue Sale http //stainlesssteelmeshgrill.gasbarbecuesale.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com Web Toolbar by Wibiya')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01139', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Sunbrella Furniture Covers New Outdoor Patio Furniture Mid Back Chair Cushion Scarlet Red Stripe Sunbrella by Gordon to Buy Cheap New Outdoor Patio Furniture Mid Back Chair Cushion Scarlet Red Stripe Sunbrella by Gordon to Low Prices New Outdoor Patio Furniture Mid Back Chair Cushion Scarlet Red Stripe Sunbrella by Gordon to Big Save Everything you need to know on New Outdoor Patio Furniture Mid Back Chair Cushion Scarlet Red Stripe Sunbrella by Gordon product. See more about New Outdoor Patio Furniture Mid Back Chair Cushion Scarlet Red Stripe Sunbrella by Gordon product features, compare similar New Outdoor Patio Furniture Mid Back Chair Cushion Scarlet Red Stripe Sunbrella by Gordon products, see reviews and price trends, and find deals on New Outdoor Patio Furniture Mid Back Chair Cushion Scarlet Red Stripe Sunbrella by Gordon Shop Online. read more Read the rest of this entry Greendale Home Fashions 46-Inch Outdoor Swing/Bench Cushion, Roma Stripe to Save Big Greendale Home Fashions 46-Inch Outdoor Swing/Bench Cushion, Roma Stripe to Compare Prices Greendale Home Fashions 46-Inch Outdoor Swing/Bench Cushion, Roma Stripe For Super Save Everything you need to know on Greendale Home Fashions 46-Inch Outdoor Swing/Bench Cushion, Roma Stripe product. Search more about Greendale Home Fashions 46-Inch Outdoor Swing/Bench Cushion, Roma Stripe product features, compare similar Greendale Home Fashions 46-Inch Outdoor Swing/Bench Cushion, Roma Stripe products, see reviews and price trends, and find the great promotions Greendale Home Fashions 46-Inch Outdoor Swing/Bench Cushion, Roma Stripe Shop Online. read more Read the rest of this entry New Pack of 2 Outdoor Patio Furniture Chair Seat Cushions Mocha Stripe Sunbrella by Gordon to Lowest Prices New Pack of 2 Outdoor Patio Furniture Chair Seat Cushions Mocha Stripe Sunbrella by Gordon to Enjoy Savings New Pack of 2 Outdoor Patio Furniture Chair Seat Cushions Mocha Stripe Sunbrella by Gordon at cheapest prices Everything you need to know on New Pack of 2 Outdoor Patio Furniture Chair Seat Cushions Mocha Stripe Sunbrella by Gordon product. Search more about New Pack of 2 Outdoor Patio Furniture Chair Seat Cushions Mocha Stripe Sunbrella by Gordon product features, compare similar New Pack of 2 Outdoor Patio Furniture Chair Seat Cushions Mocha Stripe Sunbrella by Gordon products, see reviews and price trends, and find deals on New Pack of 2 Outdoor Patio Furniture Chair Seat Cushions Mocha Stripe Sunbrella by Gordon Shop Online. read more Read the rest of this entry Polywood Outdoor Furniture Nautical Stackable Chaise Lounge with Arms, Full Cushion, Logo Red Sunbrella to Compare Great Prices Polywood Outdoor Furniture Nautical Stackable Chaise Lounge with Arms, Full Cushion, Logo Red Sunbrella to Big Save Polywood Outdoor Furniture Nautical Stackable Chaise Lounge with Arms, Full Cushion, Logo Red Sunbrella at Super Low Prices Everything you need to know on Polywood Outdoor Furniture Nautical Stackable Chaise Lounge with Arms, Full Cushion, Logo Red Sunbrella product. Find more about Polywood Outdoor Furniture Nautical Stackable Chaise Lounge with Arms, Full Cushion, Logo Red Sunbrella product features, compare similar Polywood Outdoor Furniture Nautical Stackable Chaise Lounge with Arms, Full Cushion, Logo Red Sunbrella products, see reviews and price trends, and find the top bestsellers Polywood Outdoor Furniture Nautical Stackable Chaise Lounge with Arms, Full Cushion, Logo Red Sunbrella Shop Online. read more Read the rest of this entry Outdoor Patio Settee Cushions Set Fabric Blue Green Floral to Discount Outdoor Patio Settee Cushions Set Fabric Blue Green Floral to Compare Prices And Save Big Outdoor Patio Settee Cushions Set Fabric Blue Green Floral For Save Big Everything you need to know on Outdoor Patio Settee Cushions Set Fabric Blue Green Floral product. Learn more about Outdoor Patio Settee Cushions Set Fabric Blue Green Floral product features, compare similar Outdoor Patio Settee Cushions Set Fabric Blue Green Floral products, see reviews and price trends, and find deals on Outdoor Patio Settee Cushions Set Fabric Blue Green Floral Shop Online. read more Read the rest of this entry Polywood Outdoor Furniture Nautical Bar Chair Seat Cushion, Spa Sunbrella to Special Prices Polywood Outdoor Furniture Nautical Bar Chair Seat Cushion, Spa Sunbrella to Compare Prices And Save Big Polywood Outdoor Furniture Nautical Bar Chair Seat Cushion, Spa Sunbrella to Special Prices Today Everything you need to know on Polywood Outdoor Furniture Nautical Bar Chair Seat Cushion, Spa Sunbrella product. Learn more about Polywood Outdoor Furniture Nautical Bar Chair Seat Cushion, Spa Sunbrella product features, compare similar Polywood Outdoor Furniture Nautical Bar Chair Seat Cushion, Spa Sunbrella products, see reviews and price trends, and find the top bestsellers Polywood Outdoor Furniture Nautical Bar Chair Seat Cushion, Spa Sunbrella Shop Online. read more Read the rest of this entry Cushion for Wicker Outdoor Rocker or Chair Fabric Lyndhurst Raven to Save Big Cushion for Wicker Outdoor Rocker or Chair Fabric Lyndhurst Raven to Enjoy Savings And Selection Cushion for Wicker Outdoor Rocker or Chair Fabric Lyndhurst Raven on Huge Savings Everything you need to know on Cushion for Wicker Outdoor Rocker or Chair Fabric Lyndhurst Raven product. Search more about Cushion for Wicker Outdoor Rocker or Chair Fabric Lyndhurst Raven product features, compare similar Cushion for Wicker Outdoor Rocker or Chair Fabric Lyndhurst Raven products, see reviews and price trends, and find bargain prices on Cushion for Wicker Outdoor Rocker or Chair Fabric Lyndhurst Raven Shop Online. read more Read the rest of this entry Mettowee Deep-seat Replacement Sunbrella Cushions / Only Mettowee Sofa Seat 25 w X 23 1/2 d X 5 , True Blue, to Save Big Mettowee Deep-seat Replacement Sunbrella Cushions / Only Mettowee Sofa Seat 25 w X 23 1/2 d X 5 , True Blue, to Buy Cheap Prices Mettowee Deep-seat Replacement Sunbrella Cushions / Only Mettowee Sofa Seat 25 w X 23 1/2 d X 5 , True Blue, to Compare prices Everything you need to know on Mettowee Deep-seat Replacement Sunbrella Cushions / Only Mettowee Sofa Seat 25 w X 23 1/2 d X 5 , True Blue, product. See more about Mettowee Deep-seat Replacement Sunbrella Cushions / Only Mettowee Sofa Seat 25 w X 23 1/2 d X 5 , True Blue, product features, compare similar Mettowee Deep-seat Replacement Sunbrella Cushions / Only Mettowee Sofa Seat 25 w X 23 1/2 d X 5 , True Blue, products, see reviews and price trends, and find deals on Mettowee Deep-seat Replacement Sunbrella Cushions / Only Mettowee Sofa Seat 25 w X 23 1/2 d X 5 , True Blue, Shop Online. read more Read the rest of this entry Folding Lawn Chair Patio Cushion Set of 2 Fabric Freeport Ebony to Buy Low Price Folding Lawn Chair Patio Cushion Set of 2 Fabric Freeport Ebony to Compare Prices Folding Lawn Chair Patio Cushion Set of 2 Fabric Freeport Ebony Hot Deals Everything you need to know on Folding Lawn Chair Patio Cushion Set of 2 Fabric Freeport Ebony product. Find more about Folding Lawn Chair Patio Cushion Set of 2 Fabric Freeport Ebony product features, compare similar Folding Lawn Chair Patio Cushion Set of 2 Fabric Freeport Ebony products, see reviews and price trends, and find the top bestsellers Folding Lawn Chair Patio Cushion Set of 2 Fabric Freeport Ebony Shop Online. read more Read the rest of this entry Oxford Garden Chaise Lounge Cushion, Natural to Buy Lowest Prices Oxford Garden Chaise Lounge Cushion, Natural to Enjoy Savings And Selection Oxford Garden Chaise Lounge Cushion, Natural on Sales Everything you need to know on Oxford Garden Chaise Lounge Cushion, Natural product. Find more about Oxford Garden Chaise Lounge Cushion, Natural product features, compare similar Oxford Garden Chaise Lounge Cushion, Natural products, see reviews and price trends, and find providers of Oxford Garden Chaise Lounge Cushion, Natural Shop Online. read more Read the rest of this entry Recent Posts New Outdoor Patio Furniture Mid Back Chair Cushion Scarlet Red Stripe Sunbrella by Gordon to Buy Cheap Greendale Home Fashions 46-Inch Outdoor Swing/Bench Cushion, Roma Stripe to Save Big New Pack of 2 Outdoor Patio Furniture Chair Seat Cushions Mocha Stripe Sunbrella by Gordon to Lowest Prices Polywood Outdoor Furniture Nautical Stackable Chaise Lounge with Arms, Full Cushion, Logo Red Sunbrella to Compare Great Prices Outdoor Patio Settee Cushions Set Fabric Blue Green Floral to Discount Polywood Outdoor Furniture Nautical Bar Chair Seat Cushion, Spa Sunbrella to Special Prices Cushion for Wicker Outdoor Rocker or Chair Fabric Lyndhurst Raven to Save Big Mettowee Deep-seat Replacement Sunbrella Cushions / Only Mettowee Sofa Seat 25 w X 23 1/2 d X 5 , True Blue, to Save Big Folding Lawn Chair Patio Cushion Set of 2 Fabric Freeport Ebony to Buy Low Price Oxford Garden Chaise Lounge Cushion, Natural to Buy Lowest Prices Tags Cushion Cushions Fabric Furniture Outdoor Prices Sunbrella Powered by WordPress and Created for Sunbrella Furniture Covers | Patio Table Store http //sunbrellafurniturecovers.patiotablestore.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com Web Toolbar by Wibiya')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01140', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Sunbrella Furniture Covers Oxford Garden Chaise Lounge Cushion, Natural to Buy Lowest Prices Mettowee Deep-seat Replacement Sunbrella Cushions / Only Mettowee Sofa Seat 25 w X 23 1/2 d X 5 , True Blue, to Save Big Folding Lawn Chair Patio Cushion Set of 2 Fabric Freeport Ebony to Buy Low Price Folding Lawn Chair Patio Cushion Set of 2 Fabric Freeport Ebony to Compare Prices Folding Lawn Chair Patio Cushion Set of 2 Fabric Freeport Ebony Hot Deals Everything you need to know on Folding Lawn Chair Patio Cushion Set of 2 Fabric Freeport Ebony product. Find more about Folding Lawn Chair Patio Cushion Set of 2 Fabric Freeport Ebony product features, compare similar Folding Lawn Chair Patio Cushion Set of 2 Fabric Freeport Ebony products, see reviews and price trends, and find the top bestsellers Folding Lawn Chair Patio Cushion Set of 2 Fabric Freeport Ebony Shop Online. read more Folding Lawn Chair Patio Cushion Set of 2 Fabric Freeport Ebony description 9VF-4116-2CH-SeatOnly-REO-12 Fabric Freeport Ebony Pictured in Royal Cross Features -Chair patio cushions.-Premium outdoor fabric.-100pct spun polyester.-Equipped with velcro.-Foam encased for maximum comfort.-Machine washable cover. Options -Available in several fabrics. Dimensions -Dimensions 1 H x 18 W x 16 D. Price List Check Compare Prices With Sellers Where to Compare Prices Folding Lawn Chair Patio Cushion Set of 2 Fabric Freeport Ebony Deals Today Promotions Holiday Deals For Buy Cheap Folding Lawn Chair Patio Cushion Set of 2 Fabric Freeport Ebony Click These Link Above to Compare Prices Folding Lawn Chair Patio Cushion Set of 2 Fabric Freeport Ebony. Legendary Service And Great Selection, Stock Goes Quickly For The Hot Bestsellers Folding Lawn Chair Patio Cushion Set of 2 Fabric Freeport Ebony Products. Shop Now! while Stock Last to Avoid Disappointment Title 4 32 Relate keywords sunbrella furniture covers,awnings furniture covers,patio umbrellas furniture covers,outdoor fabric furniture covers,glen raven furniture covers,custom furniture covers,sunbrella outdoor furniture covers,sunbrella furniture slipcovers,sunbrella slip covers,sunbrella couch covers,sunbrella furniture covers comparison,sunbrella patio furniture covers,sunbrella furniture cushions,sunbrella furniture throws,costco furniture covers,sunbrella furniture covers durable Comments Comments are closed. Recent Posts New Outdoor Patio Furniture Mid Back Chair Cushion Scarlet Red Stripe Sunbrella by Gordon to Buy Cheap Greendale Home Fashions 46-Inch Outdoor Swing/Bench Cushion, Roma Stripe to Save Big New Pack of 2 Outdoor Patio Furniture Chair Seat Cushions Mocha Stripe Sunbrella by Gordon to Lowest Prices Polywood Outdoor Furniture Nautical Stackable Chaise Lounge with Arms, Full Cushion, Logo Red Sunbrella to Compare Great Prices Outdoor Patio Settee Cushions Set Fabric Blue Green Floral to Discount Polywood Outdoor Furniture Nautical Bar Chair Seat Cushion, Spa Sunbrella to Special Prices Cushion for Wicker Outdoor Rocker or Chair Fabric Lyndhurst Raven to Save Big Mettowee Deep-seat Replacement Sunbrella Cushions / Only Mettowee Sofa Seat 25 w X 23 1/2 d X 5 , True Blue, to Save Big Folding Lawn Chair Patio Cushion Set of 2 Fabric Freeport Ebony to Buy Low Price Oxford Garden Chaise Lounge Cushion, Natural to Buy Lowest Prices Tags Cushion Cushions Fabric Furniture Outdoor Prices Sunbrella Powered by WordPress and Created for Sunbrella Furniture Covers | Patio Table Store http //sunbrellafurniturecovers.patiotablestore.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com Web Toolbar by Wibiya')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01141', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Sunbrella Furniture Covers New Pack of 2 Outdoor Patio Furniture Chair Seat Cushions Mocha Stripe Sunbrella by Gordon to Lowest Prices New Outdoor Patio Furniture Mid Back Chair Cushion Scarlet Red Stripe Sunbrella by Gordon to Buy Cheap Greendale Home Fashions 46-Inch Outdoor Swing/Bench Cushion, Roma Stripe to Save Big Greendale Home Fashions 46-Inch Outdoor Swing/Bench Cushion, Roma Stripe to Compare Prices Greendale Home Fashions 46-Inch Outdoor Swing/Bench Cushion, Roma Stripe For Super Save Everything you need to know on Greendale Home Fashions 46-Inch Outdoor Swing/Bench Cushion, Roma Stripe product. Search more about Greendale Home Fashions 46-Inch Outdoor Swing/Bench Cushion, Roma Stripe product features, compare similar Greendale Home Fashions 46-Inch Outdoor Swing/Bench Cushion, Roma Stripe products, see reviews and price trends, and find the great promotions Greendale Home Fashions 46-Inch Outdoor Swing/Bench Cushion, Roma Stripe Shop Online. read more Greendale Home Fashions 46-Inch Outdoor Swing/Bench Cushion, Roma Stripe description Outdoor Swing/Bench cushion. Bench cushion measures 4 by 17 by 46. Circle tack tufted with string ties to fasten securely to your outdoor swing bench. Price List $42.99 Click Here Check Price Now! Before Time Expires and Sold Out Where to Compare Prices Greendale Home Fashions 46-Inch Outdoor Swing/Bench Cushion, Roma Stripe Store UV-resistant outdoor fabrics 100-Percent polyester Made in the USA Filling material users 100% Recycled, Post-Consumer Plastic Bottles Overstuffed construction for extra comfort and longevity Modern prints for contemporary styles See Lowest Price Promotions For Holiday Deals Greendale Home Fashions 46-Inch Outdoor Swing/Bench Cushion, Roma Stripe Click These Link Above to Compare Prices Greendale Home Fashions 46-Inch Outdoor Swing/Bench Cushion, Roma Stripe. Safe And Secure Ordering, Stock Goes Quickly For The New Promotion Greendale Home Fashions 46-Inch Outdoor Swing/Bench Cushion, Roma Stripe Products. Order Today! while Stock Last to Avoid Disappointment Title 4 19 Relate keywords sunbrella furniture covers,awnings furniture covers,patio umbrellas furniture covers,outdoor fabric furniture covers,glen raven furniture covers,custom furniture covers,sunbrella outdoor furniture covers,sunbrella furniture slipcovers,sunbrella slip covers,sunbrella couch covers,sunbrella furniture covers comparison,sunbrella patio furniture covers,sunbrella furniture cushions,sunbrella furniture throws,costco furniture covers,sunbrella furniture covers durable Comments Comments are closed. Recent Posts New Outdoor Patio Furniture Mid Back Chair Cushion Scarlet Red Stripe Sunbrella by Gordon to Buy Cheap Greendale Home Fashions 46-Inch Outdoor Swing/Bench Cushion, Roma Stripe to Save Big New Pack of 2 Outdoor Patio Furniture Chair Seat Cushions Mocha Stripe Sunbrella by Gordon to Lowest Prices Polywood Outdoor Furniture Nautical Stackable Chaise Lounge with Arms, Full Cushion, Logo Red Sunbrella to Compare Great Prices Outdoor Patio Settee Cushions Set Fabric Blue Green Floral to Discount Polywood Outdoor Furniture Nautical Bar Chair Seat Cushion, Spa Sunbrella to Special Prices Cushion for Wicker Outdoor Rocker or Chair Fabric Lyndhurst Raven to Save Big Mettowee Deep-seat Replacement Sunbrella Cushions / Only Mettowee Sofa Seat 25 w X 23 1/2 d X 5 , True Blue, to Save Big Folding Lawn Chair Patio Cushion Set of 2 Fabric Freeport Ebony to Buy Low Price Oxford Garden Chaise Lounge Cushion, Natural to Buy Lowest Prices Tags Cushion Cushions Fabric Furniture Outdoor Prices Sunbrella Powered by WordPress and Created for Sunbrella Furniture Covers | Patio Table Store http //sunbrellafurniturecovers.patiotablestore.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com Web Toolbar by Wibiya')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01142', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Sunbrella Furniture Covers Greendale Home Fashions 46-Inch Outdoor Swing/Bench Cushion, Roma Stripe to Save Big New Outdoor Patio Furniture Mid Back Chair Cushion Scarlet Red Stripe Sunbrella by Gordon to Buy Cheap New Outdoor Patio Furniture Mid Back Chair Cushion Scarlet Red Stripe Sunbrella by Gordon to Low Prices New Outdoor Patio Furniture Mid Back Chair Cushion Scarlet Red Stripe Sunbrella by Gordon to Big Save Everything you need to know on New Outdoor Patio Furniture Mid Back Chair Cushion Scarlet Red Stripe Sunbrella by Gordon product. See more about New Outdoor Patio Furniture Mid Back Chair Cushion Scarlet Red Stripe Sunbrella by Gordon product features, compare similar New Outdoor Patio Furniture Mid Back Chair Cushion Scarlet Red Stripe Sunbrella by Gordon products, see reviews and price trends, and find deals on New Outdoor Patio Furniture Mid Back Chair Cushion Scarlet Red Stripe Sunbrella by Gordon Shop Online. read more New Outdoor Patio Furniture Mid Back Chair Cushion Scarlet Red Stripe Sunbrella by Gordon description The sunbrella scarlet red stripe cushion collection provides exceptional comfort and traditional style Item #391113 Sunbrella fabric is constructed to withstand the extremes of sunlight temperature and moisture About Sunbrella Sunbrella is a renowned leader in performance fabrics Their experience to craft all-weather cushions has led them to receive the Seal of Recommendation " by The Skin Cancer Foundation Ultimate UV protection Sunbrella fabrics provide up to 98% UV protection from harmful effects of the sun Mildew weather and fade resistant For indoor or outdoor use Sewn seam closure Attaches with ties Colors include scarlet red brown and gold Made in the U.S.A. Overall cushion dimensions 36.5 long x 18 wide x 3 thick Cushion back 17 long x 18 wide x 3 thick Cushion seat 19.5 long x 18 wide x 3 thick Material s Shell 100% acrylic Fiber 100% polyester Care instructions spot clean or hand wash with mild detergent Air dry only Note special shipping time Please allow an extra 5 business days onto our standard delivery time for this item Express orders will still be shipped express but will still take some extra time Price List Click Here to Order It Now While The Stocks Last Where to Low Prices New Outdoor Patio Furniture Mid Back Chair Cushion Scarlet Red Stripe Sunbrella by Gordon Shop See Lowest Price Holiday Deals For Best Buy Cheap New Outdoor Patio Furniture Mid Back Chair Cushion Scarlet Red Stripe Sunbrella by Gordon Click These Link Above to Low Prices New Outdoor Patio Furniture Mid Back Chair Cushion Scarlet Red Stripe Sunbrella by Gordon. Final Clearance Days are Here, Stock Goes Quickly For The Great New Outdoor Patio Furniture Mid Back Chair Cushion Scarlet Red Stripe Sunbrella by Gordon Products. Shop Now! while Stock Last to Avoid Disappointment Title 4 25 Relate keywords sunbrella furniture covers,awnings furniture covers,patio umbrellas furniture covers,outdoor fabric furniture covers,glen raven furniture covers,custom furniture covers,sunbrella outdoor furniture covers,sunbrella furniture slipcovers,sunbrella slip covers,sunbrella couch covers,sunbrella furniture covers comparison,sunbrella patio furniture covers,sunbrella furniture cushions,sunbrella furniture throws,costco furniture covers,sunbrella furniture covers durable Comments Comments are closed. Recent Posts New Outdoor Patio Furniture Mid Back Chair Cushion Scarlet Red Stripe Sunbrella by Gordon to Buy Cheap Greendale Home Fashions 46-Inch Outdoor Swing/Bench Cushion, Roma Stripe to Save Big New Pack of 2 Outdoor Patio Furniture Chair Seat Cushions Mocha Stripe Sunbrella by Gordon to Lowest Prices Polywood Outdoor Furniture Nautical Stackable Chaise Lounge with Arms, Full Cushion, Logo Red Sunbrella to Compare Great Prices Outdoor Patio Settee Cushions Set Fabric Blue Green Floral to Discount Polywood Outdoor Furniture Nautical Bar Chair Seat Cushion, Spa Sunbrella to Special Prices Cushion for Wicker Outdoor Rocker or Chair Fabric Lyndhurst Raven to Save Big Mettowee Deep-seat Replacement Sunbrella Cushions / Only Mettowee Sofa Seat 25 w X 23 1/2 d X 5 , True Blue, to Save Big Folding Lawn Chair Patio Cushion Set of 2 Fabric Freeport Ebony to Buy Low Price Oxford Garden Chaise Lounge Cushion, Natural to Buy Lowest Prices Tags Cushion Cushions Fabric Furniture Outdoor Prices Sunbrella Powered by WordPress and Created for Sunbrella Furniture Covers | Patio Table Store http //sunbrellafurniturecovers.patiotablestore.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com Web Toolbar by Wibiya')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01143', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Sunbrella Furniture Covers Polywood Outdoor Furniture Nautical Stackable Chaise Lounge with Arms, Full Cushion, Logo Red Sunbrella to Compare Great Prices Greendale Home Fashions 46-Inch Outdoor Swing/Bench Cushion, Roma Stripe to Save Big New Pack of 2 Outdoor Patio Furniture Chair Seat Cushions Mocha Stripe Sunbrella by Gordon to Lowest Prices New Pack of 2 Outdoor Patio Furniture Chair Seat Cushions Mocha Stripe Sunbrella by Gordon to Enjoy Savings New Pack of 2 Outdoor Patio Furniture Chair Seat Cushions Mocha Stripe Sunbrella by Gordon at cheapest prices Everything you need to know on New Pack of 2 Outdoor Patio Furniture Chair Seat Cushions Mocha Stripe Sunbrella by Gordon product. Search more about New Pack of 2 Outdoor Patio Furniture Chair Seat Cushions Mocha Stripe Sunbrella by Gordon product features, compare similar New Pack of 2 Outdoor Patio Furniture Chair Seat Cushions Mocha Stripe Sunbrella by Gordon products, see reviews and price trends, and find deals on New Pack of 2 Outdoor Patio Furniture Chair Seat Cushions Mocha Stripe Sunbrella by Gordon Shop Online. read more New Pack of 2 Outdoor Patio Furniture Chair Seat Cushions Mocha Stripe Sunbrella by Gordon description The sunbrella mocha stripe cushion collection provides exceptional comfort and traditional style Item #391694 Sunbrella fabric is constructed to withstand the extremes of sunlight temperature and moisture About Sunbrella Sunbrella is a renowned leader in performance fabrics Their experience to craft all-weather cushions has led them to receive the Seal of Recommendation " by The Skin Cancer Foundation Ultimate UV protection Sunbrella fabrics provide up to 98% UV protection from harmful effects of the sun Mildew weather and fade resistant For indoor or outdoor use Sewn seam closure Attaches with ties Colors include beige black and mocha brown Made in the U.S.A. Overall cushion dimensions 18.5 long x 15.5 wide x 3 thick Material s Shell 100% spun polyester Fiber 100% polyester Care instructions spot clean or hand wash with mild detergent Air dry only Note special shipping time Please allow an extra 5 business days onto our standard delivery time for this item Express orders will still be shipped express but will still take some extra time Price List Please Click to Check Update Price Where to Enjoy Savings New Pack of 2 Outdoor Patio Furniture Chair Seat Cushions Mocha Stripe Sunbrella by Gordon Deals Today Promotions Holiday Deals For Best Buy New Pack of 2 Outdoor Patio Furniture Chair Seat Cushions Mocha Stripe Sunbrella by Gordon Click These Link Above to Enjoy Savings New Pack of 2 Outdoor Patio Furniture Chair Seat Cushions Mocha Stripe Sunbrella by Gordon. We are Guarantee Fast Service in United States, Stock Goes Quickly For The Top New Pack of 2 Outdoor Patio Furniture Chair Seat Cushions Mocha Stripe Sunbrella by Gordon Products. Shop Today! while Stock Last to Avoid Disappointment Title 4 28 Relate keywords sunbrella furniture covers,awnings furniture covers,patio umbrellas furniture covers,outdoor fabric furniture covers,glen raven furniture covers,custom furniture covers,sunbrella outdoor furniture covers,sunbrella furniture slipcovers,sunbrella slip covers,sunbrella couch covers,sunbrella furniture covers comparison,sunbrella patio furniture covers,sunbrella furniture cushions,sunbrella furniture throws,costco furniture covers,sunbrella furniture covers durable Comments Comments are closed. Recent Posts New Outdoor Patio Furniture Mid Back Chair Cushion Scarlet Red Stripe Sunbrella by Gordon to Buy Cheap Greendale Home Fashions 46-Inch Outdoor Swing/Bench Cushion, Roma Stripe to Save Big New Pack of 2 Outdoor Patio Furniture Chair Seat Cushions Mocha Stripe Sunbrella by Gordon to Lowest Prices Polywood Outdoor Furniture Nautical Stackable Chaise Lounge with Arms, Full Cushion, Logo Red Sunbrella to Compare Great Prices Outdoor Patio Settee Cushions Set Fabric Blue Green Floral to Discount Polywood Outdoor Furniture Nautical Bar Chair Seat Cushion, Spa Sunbrella to Special Prices Cushion for Wicker Outdoor Rocker or Chair Fabric Lyndhurst Raven to Save Big Mettowee Deep-seat Replacement Sunbrella Cushions / Only Mettowee Sofa Seat 25 w X 23 1/2 d X 5 , True Blue, to Save Big Folding Lawn Chair Patio Cushion Set of 2 Fabric Freeport Ebony to Buy Low Price Oxford Garden Chaise Lounge Cushion, Natural to Buy Lowest Prices Tags Cushion Cushions Fabric Furniture Outdoor Prices Sunbrella Powered by WordPress and Created for Sunbrella Furniture Covers | Patio Table Store http //sunbrellafurniturecovers.patiotablestore.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com Web Toolbar by Wibiya')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01144', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Sunbrella Furniture Covers Folding Lawn Chair Patio Cushion Set of 2 Fabric Freeport Ebony to Buy Low Price Oxford Garden Chaise Lounge Cushion, Natural to Buy Lowest Prices Oxford Garden Chaise Lounge Cushion, Natural to Enjoy Savings And Selection Oxford Garden Chaise Lounge Cushion, Natural on Sales Everything you need to know on Oxford Garden Chaise Lounge Cushion, Natural product. Find more about Oxford Garden Chaise Lounge Cushion, Natural product features, compare similar Oxford Garden Chaise Lounge Cushion, Natural products, see reviews and price trends, and find providers of Oxford Garden Chaise Lounge Cushion, Natural Shop Online. read more Oxford Garden Chaise Lounge Cushion, Natural description Add comfort and style with our specially designed cushions. All of our cushions are made of Sunbrella fabric. Developed from 30 years experience with awnings and boat, Sunbrella is made of durable, all weather solution-dyed acrylic. Each cushion has ample length ties to keep your cushion in place even during those gusty days. Single piping provides a clean looking finished edge. These cushions are filled with 3 inches of foam and polyester that makes our already comfortable benches and chairs even more so. Sunbrella feels soft and comfortable to the touch but is rugged outdoors. It retains its color and strength while withstanding years of exposure to sunlight and rain. Price List $239.95 Check Compare Prices With Sellers Where to Enjoy Savings And Selection Oxford Garden Chaise Lounge Cushion, Natural Shop Online Quick drying, mold and mildew resistant, fire retardant cushion for Oxford Garden chaise lounge Manufactured with Sunbrella 100% solution dyed acrylic 3-1/2-inch-thick thermal bonded polyester core 23-1/2 inches wide by 77-3/4 inches deep 48-inch seat and 30-1/2-inch back Promotions Holiday Deals For Buy Cheap Oxford Garden Chaise Lounge Cushion, Natural Click These Link Above to Enjoy Savings And Selection Oxford Garden Chaise Lounge Cushion, Natural. Free Comparison Shopping And Satisfaction Guarantee, Stock Goes Quickly For The Promotions Oxford Garden Chaise Lounge Cushion, Natural Products. Purchase Now! while Stock Last to Avoid Disappointment Title 4 18 Relate keywords sunbrella furniture covers,awnings furniture covers,patio umbrellas furniture covers,outdoor fabric furniture covers,glen raven furniture covers,custom furniture covers,sunbrella outdoor furniture covers,sunbrella furniture slipcovers,sunbrella slip covers,sunbrella couch covers,sunbrella furniture covers comparison,sunbrella patio furniture covers,sunbrella furniture cushions,sunbrella furniture throws,costco furniture covers,sunbrella furniture covers durable Comments Comments are closed. Recent Posts New Outdoor Patio Furniture Mid Back Chair Cushion Scarlet Red Stripe Sunbrella by Gordon to Buy Cheap Greendale Home Fashions 46-Inch Outdoor Swing/Bench Cushion, Roma Stripe to Save Big New Pack of 2 Outdoor Patio Furniture Chair Seat Cushions Mocha Stripe Sunbrella by Gordon to Lowest Prices Polywood Outdoor Furniture Nautical Stackable Chaise Lounge with Arms, Full Cushion, Logo Red Sunbrella to Compare Great Prices Outdoor Patio Settee Cushions Set Fabric Blue Green Floral to Discount Polywood Outdoor Furniture Nautical Bar Chair Seat Cushion, Spa Sunbrella to Special Prices Cushion for Wicker Outdoor Rocker or Chair Fabric Lyndhurst Raven to Save Big Mettowee Deep-seat Replacement Sunbrella Cushions / Only Mettowee Sofa Seat 25 w X 23 1/2 d X 5 , True Blue, to Save Big Folding Lawn Chair Patio Cushion Set of 2 Fabric Freeport Ebony to Buy Low Price Oxford Garden Chaise Lounge Cushion, Natural to Buy Lowest Prices Tags Cushion Cushions Fabric Furniture Outdoor Prices Sunbrella Powered by WordPress and Created for Sunbrella Furniture Covers | Patio Table Store http //sunbrellafurniturecovers.patiotablestore.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com Web Toolbar by Wibiya')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01146', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Teak Outdoor Dining Chairs VIFAH V1144 Outdoor Teak Chair Promotions Discount Shop and Save on VIFAH V1144 Outdoor Teak Chair Promotions Here For Buy VIFAH V1144 Outdoor Teak Chair on Discount Now Amazing Price !! See Lowest Price Cyber Monday Deals For Cheap VIFAH V1144 Outdoor Teak Chair . This store is the best place to buy cheap VIFAH V1144 Outdoor Teak Chair. If you want to purchase VIFAH V1144 Outdoor Teak Chair in the great price, click on Order Now button or click on Compare Best Price button to see special offers and read more customer reviews. Your order will be delivered within 5-8 business days and FREE with Super Saver Shipping For Order More 25usd . Hurry Up !! This price promotion is time limited. Order the best price from this page. read more Read the rest of this entry 9 Pc Indoneisan Grade-A Teak Outdoor Patio Dining Set 8 Java Arm Chairs Promotions Discount Best Buy 9 Pc Indoneisan Grade-A Teak Outdoor Patio Dining Set 8 Java Arm Chairs Lowest Price Here For Buy 9 Pc Indoneisan Grade-A Teak Outdoor Patio Dining Set 8 Java Arm Chairs Today Discount Today !! Promotions Black Friday Deals For Buy 9 Pc Indoneisan Grade-A Teak Outdoor Patio Dining Set 8 Java Arm Chairs . This store is the best place to buy cheap 9 Pc Indoneisan Grade-A Teak Outdoor Patio Dining Set 8 Java Arm Chairs. If you want to purchase 9 Pc Indoneisan Grade-A Teak Outdoor Patio Dining Set 8 Java Arm Chairs in the great price, click on Order Now button or click on Compare Best Price button to see special offers and read more customer reviews. Your order will be delivered within 5-8 business days and FREE with Super Saver Shipping For Order More 25usd . Hurry Up !! This price promotion is time limited. Order the best price from this page. read more Read the rest of this entry New 5 Pc Luxurious Grade-A Teak Dining Set 48 Round Butterfly Table and 4 Stacking Arm Chairs [Model AB1] Online Shopping Great Selection on New 5 Pc Luxurious Grade-A Teak Dining Set 48 Round Butterfly Table and 4 Stacking Arm Chairs [Model AB1] Lowest Price Here For Buy New 5 Pc Luxurious Grade-A Teak Dining Set 48 Round Butterfly Table and 4 Stacking Arm Chairs [Model AB1] Today Best Price !! Lowest Price Cyber Monday Deals For Buy New 5 Pc Luxurious Grade-A Teak Dining Set 48 Round Butterfly Table and 4 Stacking Arm Chairs [Model AB1] . This store is the best place to buy cheap New 5 Pc Luxurious Grade-A Teak Dining Set 48 Round Butterfly Table and 4 Stacking Arm Chairs [Model AB1]. If you want to purchase New 5 Pc Luxurious Grade-A Teak Dining Set 48 Round Butterfly Table and 4 Stacking Arm Chairs [Model AB1] in the great price, click on Order Now button or click on Compare Best Price button to see special offers and read more customer reviews. Your order will be delivered within 5-8 business days and FREE with Super Saver Shipping For Order More 25usd . Hurry Up !! This price promotion is time limited. Order the best price from this page. read more Read the rest of this entry Polywood Outdoor Furniture South Beach Dining Chair, White-Recycled Plastic Materials Promotions Discount Compare Great Polywood Outdoor Furniture South Beach Dining Chair, White-Recycled Plastic Materials Promotions Here For Buy Polywood Outdoor Furniture South Beach Dining Chair, White-Recycled Plastic Materials on Discount Now Cheap Price !! See Lowest Price Here For Cyber Monday Discount Polywood Outdoor Furniture South Beach Dining Chair, White-Recycled Plastic Materials . This store is the best place to buy cheap Polywood Outdoor Furniture South Beach Dining Chair, White-Recycled Plastic Materials. If you want to purchase Polywood Outdoor Furniture South Beach Dining Chair, White-Recycled Plastic Materials in the great price, click on Order Now button or click on Compare Best Price button to see special offers and read more customer reviews. Your order will be delivered within 5-8 business days and FREE with Super Saver Shipping For Order More 25usd . Hurry Up !! This price promotion is time limited. Order the best price from this page. read more Read the rest of this entry 9 Pc Indoneisan Grade-A Teak Outdoor Patio Dining Set 2 Arm and 6 Castle side chairs Promotions Discount Enjoy Savings on 9 Pc Indoneisan Grade-A Teak Outdoor Patio Dining Set 2 Arm and 6 Castle side chairs See Lowest Price Here Cheap 9 Pc Indoneisan Grade-A Teak Outdoor Patio Dining Set 2 Arm and 6 Castle side chairs from Besellers Save Price !! See Lowest Price Cyber Monday Deals For Cheap 9 Pc Indoneisan Grade-A Teak Outdoor Patio Dining Set 2 Arm and 6 Castle side chairs . This store is the best place to buy cheap 9 Pc Indoneisan Grade-A Teak Outdoor Patio Dining Set 2 Arm and 6 Castle side chairs. If you want to purchase 9 Pc Indoneisan Grade-A Teak Outdoor Patio Dining Set 2 Arm and 6 Castle side chairs in the great price, click on Order Now button or click on Compare Best Price button to see special offers and read more customer reviews. Your order will be delivered within 5-8 business days and FREE with Super Saver Shipping For Order More 25usd . Hurry Up !! This price promotion is time limited. Order the best price from this page. read more Read the rest of this entry Outdoor Interiors 50650 Patio Pub Height Super Stool With Foot Rests Save Price Shop Today for Outdoor Interiors 50650 Patio Pub Height Super Stool With Foot Rests See Lowest Price Here Discount Outdoor Interiors 50650 Patio Pub Height Super Stool With Foot Rests on Discount Now Best Price !! Promotions Cyber Monday Deals For Buy Outdoor Interiors 50650 Patio Pub Height Super Stool With Foot Rests . This store is the best place to buy cheap Outdoor Interiors 50650 Patio Pub Height Super Stool With Foot Rests. If you want to purchase Outdoor Interiors 50650 Patio Pub Height Super Stool With Foot Rests in the great price, click on Order Now button or click on Compare Best Price button to see special offers and read more customer reviews. Your order will be delivered within 5-8 business days and FREE with Super Saver Shipping For Order More 25usd . Hurry Up !! This price promotion is time limited. Order the best price from this page. read more Read the rest of this entry Recent Posts VIFAH V1144 Outdoor Teak Chair Promotions Discount 9 Pc Indoneisan Grade-A Teak Outdoor Patio Dining Set 8 Java Arm Chairs Promotions Discount New 5 Pc Luxurious Grade-A Teak Dining Set 48 Round Butterfly Table and 4 Stacking Arm Chairs [Model AB1] Online Shopping Polywood Outdoor Furniture South Beach Dining Chair, White-Recycled Plastic Materials Promotions Discount 9 Pc Indoneisan Grade-A Teak Outdoor Patio Dining Set 2 Arm and 6 Castle side chairs Promotions Discount Outdoor Interiors 50650 Patio Pub Height Super Stool With Foot Rests Save Price Tags chairs Dining Discount GradeA Indoneisan Outdoor Promotions Powered by WordPress and Created for Teak Outdoor Dining Chairs | Patio Table Store http //teakoutdoordiningchairs.patiotablestore.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com Web Toolbar by Wibiya')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01147', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Teak Outdoor Dining Chairs Outdoor Interiors 50650 Patio Pub Height Super Stool With Foot Rests Save Price Polywood Outdoor Furniture South Beach Dining Chair, White-Recycled Plastic Materials Promotions Discount 9 Pc Indoneisan Grade-A Teak Outdoor Patio Dining Set 2 Arm and 6 Castle side chairs Promotions Discount Enjoy Savings on 9 Pc Indoneisan Grade-A Teak Outdoor Patio Dining Set 2 Arm and 6 Castle side chairs See Lowest Price Here Cheap 9 Pc Indoneisan Grade-A Teak Outdoor Patio Dining Set 2 Arm and 6 Castle side chairs from Besellers Save Price !! See Lowest Price Cyber Monday Deals For Cheap 9 Pc Indoneisan Grade-A Teak Outdoor Patio Dining Set 2 Arm and 6 Castle side chairs . This store is the best place to buy cheap 9 Pc Indoneisan Grade-A Teak Outdoor Patio Dining Set 2 Arm and 6 Castle side chairs. If you want to purchase 9 Pc Indoneisan Grade-A Teak Outdoor Patio Dining Set 2 Arm and 6 Castle side chairs in the great price, click on Order Now button or click on Compare Best Price button to see special offers and read more customer reviews. Your order will be delivered within 5-8 business days and FREE with Super Saver Shipping For Order More 25usd . Hurry Up !! This price promotion is time limited. Order the best price from this page. read more 9 Pc Indoneisan Grade-A Teak Outdoor Patio Dining Set 2 Arm and 6 Castle side chairs description New 9 Pc Indoneisan Grade-A Teak Outdoor Patio Dining Set Extra Thick Oval double extension 95 by 40 table, 2 Arm and 6 Castle side chairs RCRO8A Click Here Check Price Now! Before Time Expires and Sold Out Indoneisan Grade-A Teak Extra Thick Oval double extension 95 by 40 table 2 Arm and 6 Castle side chairs Holiday Season For This Year. Do not miss 9 Pc Indoneisan Grade-A Teak Outdoor Patio Dining Set 2 Arm and 6 Castle side chairs product. Decided to COL4 it online today. The cheapest place I have seen this 9 Pc Indoneisan Grade-A Teak Outdoor Patio Dining Set 2 Arm and 6 Castle side chairs is Shop Online. Click here find affordable price 9 Pc Indoneisan Grade-A Teak Outdoor Patio Dining Set 2 Arm and 6 Castle side chairs now. Title 4 22 Relate keywords teak outdoor dining chairs,teak outdoor dining patio furniture,teak outdoor dining seats,teak outdoor dining stool,teak outdoor dining equipment,teak outdoor dining set,tweak outdoor dining chairs,steak outdoor dining chairs,cherry outdoor dining chairs,wood outdoor dining chairs,bamboo outdoor dining chairs,teak outdoor dinnerware chairs,teak waterfront dining chairs,mahogany outdoor dining chairs,cedar outdoor dining chairs,teak outdoor dining sofa,teak outdoor restaurants chairs,teak rooftop dining chairs,hardwood outdoor dining chairs,antique outdoor dining chairs,teak outdoor dining tables Comments Comments are closed. Recent Posts VIFAH V1144 Outdoor Teak Chair Promotions Discount 9 Pc Indoneisan Grade-A Teak Outdoor Patio Dining Set 8 Java Arm Chairs Promotions Discount New 5 Pc Luxurious Grade-A Teak Dining Set 48 Round Butterfly Table and 4 Stacking Arm Chairs [Model AB1] Online Shopping Polywood Outdoor Furniture South Beach Dining Chair, White-Recycled Plastic Materials Promotions Discount 9 Pc Indoneisan Grade-A Teak Outdoor Patio Dining Set 2 Arm and 6 Castle side chairs Promotions Discount Outdoor Interiors 50650 Patio Pub Height Super Stool With Foot Rests Save Price Tags chairs Dining Discount GradeA Indoneisan Outdoor Promotions Powered by WordPress and Created for Teak Outdoor Dining Chairs | Patio Table Store http //teakoutdoordiningchairs.patiotablestore.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com Web Toolbar by Wibiya')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01148', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Teak Outdoor Dining Chairs New 5 Pc Luxurious Grade-A Teak Dining Set 48 Round Butterfly Table and 4 Stacking Arm Chairs [Model AB1] Online Shopping VIFAH V1144 Outdoor Teak Chair Promotions Discount 9 Pc Indoneisan Grade-A Teak Outdoor Patio Dining Set 8 Java Arm Chairs Promotions Discount Best Buy 9 Pc Indoneisan Grade-A Teak Outdoor Patio Dining Set 8 Java Arm Chairs Lowest Price Here For Buy 9 Pc Indoneisan Grade-A Teak Outdoor Patio Dining Set 8 Java Arm Chairs Today Discount Today !! Promotions Black Friday Deals For Buy 9 Pc Indoneisan Grade-A Teak Outdoor Patio Dining Set 8 Java Arm Chairs . This store is the best place to buy cheap 9 Pc Indoneisan Grade-A Teak Outdoor Patio Dining Set 8 Java Arm Chairs. If you want to purchase 9 Pc Indoneisan Grade-A Teak Outdoor Patio Dining Set 8 Java Arm Chairs in the great price, click on Order Now button or click on Compare Best Price button to see special offers and read more customer reviews. Your order will be delivered within 5-8 business days and FREE with Super Saver Shipping For Order More 25usd . Hurry Up !! This price promotion is time limited. Order the best price from this page. read more 9 Pc Indoneisan Grade-A Teak Outdoor Patio Dining Set 8 Java Arm Chairs description New 9 Pc Indoneisan Grade-A Teak Outdoor Patio Dining Set Extra Thick Oval double extension 95 by 40 table, 8 Java Arm Chairs JVRO8A Click Here Check Price Now! Before Time Expires and Sold Out Indoneisan Grade-A Teak Extra Thick Oval double extension 95 by 40 table 8 Java Arm Chairs Holiday Deals For This Year. Do not miss 9 Pc Indoneisan Grade-A Teak Outdoor Patio Dining Set 8 Java Arm Chairs product. Decided to COL4 it online now. The cheapest place I have seen this 9 Pc Indoneisan Grade-A Teak Outdoor Patio Dining Set 8 Java Arm Chairs is Shop Online. Click here find hot products 9 Pc Indoneisan Grade-A Teak Outdoor Patio Dining Set 8 Java Arm Chairs now. Title 4 29 Relate keywords teak outdoor dining chairs,teak outdoor dining patio furniture,teak outdoor dining seats,teak outdoor dining stool,teak outdoor dining equipment,teak outdoor dining set,tweak outdoor dining chairs,steak outdoor dining chairs,cherry outdoor dining chairs,wood outdoor dining chairs,bamboo outdoor dining chairs,teak outdoor dinnerware chairs,teak waterfront dining chairs,mahogany outdoor dining chairs,cedar outdoor dining chairs,teak outdoor dining sofa,teak outdoor restaurants chairs,teak rooftop dining chairs,hardwood outdoor dining chairs,antique outdoor dining chairs,teak outdoor dining tables Comments Comments are closed. Recent Posts VIFAH V1144 Outdoor Teak Chair Promotions Discount 9 Pc Indoneisan Grade-A Teak Outdoor Patio Dining Set 8 Java Arm Chairs Promotions Discount New 5 Pc Luxurious Grade-A Teak Dining Set 48 Round Butterfly Table and 4 Stacking Arm Chairs [Model AB1] Online Shopping Polywood Outdoor Furniture South Beach Dining Chair, White-Recycled Plastic Materials Promotions Discount 9 Pc Indoneisan Grade-A Teak Outdoor Patio Dining Set 2 Arm and 6 Castle side chairs Promotions Discount Outdoor Interiors 50650 Patio Pub Height Super Stool With Foot Rests Save Price Tags chairs Dining Discount GradeA Indoneisan Outdoor Promotions Powered by WordPress and Created for Teak Outdoor Dining Chairs | Patio Table Store http //teakoutdoordiningchairs.patiotablestore.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com Web Toolbar by Wibiya')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01149', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Teak Outdoor Dining Chairs Polywood Outdoor Furniture South Beach Dining Chair, White-Recycled Plastic Materials Promotions Discount 9 Pc Indoneisan Grade-A Teak Outdoor Patio Dining Set 8 Java Arm Chairs Promotions Discount New 5 Pc Luxurious Grade-A Teak Dining Set 48 Round Butterfly Table and 4 Stacking Arm Chairs [Model AB1] Online Shopping Great Selection on New 5 Pc Luxurious Grade-A Teak Dining Set 48 Round Butterfly Table and 4 Stacking Arm Chairs [Model AB1] Lowest Price Here For Buy New 5 Pc Luxurious Grade-A Teak Dining Set 48 Round Butterfly Table and 4 Stacking Arm Chairs [Model AB1] Today Best Price !! Lowest Price Cyber Monday Deals For Buy New 5 Pc Luxurious Grade-A Teak Dining Set 48 Round Butterfly Table and 4 Stacking Arm Chairs [Model AB1] . This store is the best place to buy cheap New 5 Pc Luxurious Grade-A Teak Dining Set 48 Round Butterfly Table and 4 Stacking Arm Chairs [Model AB1]. If you want to purchase New 5 Pc Luxurious Grade-A Teak Dining Set 48 Round Butterfly Table and 4 Stacking Arm Chairs [Model AB1] in the great price, click on Order Now button or click on Compare Best Price button to see special offers and read more customer reviews. Your order will be delivered within 5-8 business days and FREE with Super Saver Shipping For Order More 25usd . Hurry Up !! This price promotion is time limited. Order the best price from this page. read more New 5 Pc Luxurious Grade-A Teak Dining Set 48 Round Butterfly Table and 4 Stacking Arm Chairs [Model AB1] description Set includes 48 Butterfly Round Table and 4 Arm Stacking Chairs. The chairs are very comfortable and you can lengthen the table with minimal effort by simply pulling the table apart Wood Umbrella Hole Plug is also provided. 2 Umbrella Hole is available in the middle of the table. Umbrella is not included with the set, but can be purchase separately, please inquire. DON T FORGET TO ENQUIRE ABOUT OUR SUNBRELLA CUSHIONS SOLD SEPARATELY If you need more chairs, please let us know. Assembly Very little assembly is required. This furniture will be delivered in partially assembled sections. Assembly is quick and simple. Accessories shown in picture are not included with the set. Please inquire if you are interested. Click Here Check Price Now! Before Time Expires and Sold Out The chairs are stackable for easy storage. Round table folds in butterfly fashion. Also has a hole for an umbrella. Sunbrella fabric Cushions are sold & listed separately for additional Cost,Contact us for more info Table Dimension Table 48 Diameter, 30.5 H Chair Dimension 24 Width x 22 Depth x 35 Height Cyber Monday Deals For This Year. Do not miss New 5 Pc Luxurious Grade-A Teak Dining Set 48 Round Butterfly Table and 4 Stacking Arm Chairs [Model AB1] product. Decided to COL4 it online now. The cheapest place I have seen this New 5 Pc Luxurious Grade-A Teak Dining Set 48 Round Butterfly Table and 4 Stacking Arm Chairs [Model AB1] is Shop Online. Click here find best product New 5 Pc Luxurious Grade-A Teak Dining Set 48 Round Butterfly Table and 4 Stacking Arm Chairs [Model AB1] now. Title 4 33 Relate keywords teak outdoor dining chairs,teak outdoor dining patio furniture,teak outdoor dining seats,teak outdoor dining stool,teak outdoor dining equipment,teak outdoor dining set,tweak outdoor dining chairs,steak outdoor dining chairs,cherry outdoor dining chairs,wood outdoor dining chairs,bamboo outdoor dining chairs,teak outdoor dinnerware chairs,teak waterfront dining chairs,mahogany outdoor dining chairs,cedar outdoor dining chairs,teak outdoor dining sofa,teak outdoor restaurants chairs,teak rooftop dining chairs,hardwood outdoor dining chairs,antique outdoor dining chairs,teak outdoor dining tables Comments Comments are closed. Recent Posts VIFAH V1144 Outdoor Teak Chair Promotions Discount 9 Pc Indoneisan Grade-A Teak Outdoor Patio Dining Set 8 Java Arm Chairs Promotions Discount New 5 Pc Luxurious Grade-A Teak Dining Set 48 Round Butterfly Table and 4 Stacking Arm Chairs [Model AB1] Online Shopping Polywood Outdoor Furniture South Beach Dining Chair, White-Recycled Plastic Materials Promotions Discount 9 Pc Indoneisan Grade-A Teak Outdoor Patio Dining Set 2 Arm and 6 Castle side chairs Promotions Discount Outdoor Interiors 50650 Patio Pub Height Super Stool With Foot Rests Save Price Tags chairs Dining Discount GradeA Indoneisan Outdoor Promotions Powered by WordPress and Created for Teak Outdoor Dining Chairs | Patio Table Store http //teakoutdoordiningchairs.patiotablestore.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com Web Toolbar by Wibiya')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01150', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Teak Outdoor Dining Chairs 9 Pc Indoneisan Grade-A Teak Outdoor Patio Dining Set 2 Arm and 6 Castle side chairs Promotions Discount Outdoor Interiors 50650 Patio Pub Height Super Stool With Foot Rests Save Price Shop Today for Outdoor Interiors 50650 Patio Pub Height Super Stool With Foot Rests See Lowest Price Here Discount Outdoor Interiors 50650 Patio Pub Height Super Stool With Foot Rests on Discount Now Best Price !! Promotions Cyber Monday Deals For Buy Outdoor Interiors 50650 Patio Pub Height Super Stool With Foot Rests . This store is the best place to buy cheap Outdoor Interiors 50650 Patio Pub Height Super Stool With Foot Rests. If you want to purchase Outdoor Interiors 50650 Patio Pub Height Super Stool With Foot Rests in the great price, click on Order Now button or click on Compare Best Price button to see special offers and read more customer reviews. Your order will be delivered within 5-8 business days and FREE with Super Saver Shipping For Order More 25usd . Hurry Up !! This price promotion is time limited. Order the best price from this page. read more Outdoor Interiors 50650 Patio Pub Height Super Stool With Foot Rests description Outdoor Interiors mission is guided by providing innovative, space-saving designs using beautiful, sustainable hardwoods along with an exciting array of mixed materials. Utilizing high quality hardwoods, our unique styles and durability will make your patio the envy of the neighborhood. Eucalyptus is one of the fastest growing, dense Hardwoods prized for its strength, durability and weathering characteristics in all climates. Eucalyptus is naturally resistant to decay with handsome pinkish-brown tones and a straight, light wood grain similar to Teak. Eucalyptus will weather to a silvery finish over time unless treated 2-3 times a year with outdoor furniture oil. We recommend using a natural Linseed Oil or any Outdoor Hardwood or Teak oil for our Eucalyptus Furniture. The hardwood we use are plantation grown and very dense, with a luxurious straight grain and high oil content, similar to teak. It s excellent for outdoor furniture because of its strength, rich appearance and durability. We also recommend using furniture covers during the winter months in harsher climate zones. Outdoor Interiors is a FSC Certified manufacturer providing only plantation grown eucalyptus from well managed forests. All hardwood follows the C.O.C. Chain of Custody for managing timber from our forests through production to our factory. Pub height stools with multiple foot rests, curved seats. Chairs work great with 65544 Table sold separately . These stylish seats are the perfect height to sit and relax and also still be part of the conversation. Easily maintained with a once annual oil treatment. Click Here Check Price Now! Before Time Expires and Sold Out Perfect for your patio or garden Made of beautiful and durable Eucalyptus Looks and performs like teak Light assembly required, all major seat components are assembled at factory Easily maintained with hardwood oil sold separately Christmas Day Deals For This Year. Do not miss Outdoor Interiors 50650 Patio Pub Height Super Stool With Foot Rests product. Decided to COL4 it online here. The cheapest place I have seen this Outdoor Interiors 50650 Patio Pub Height Super Stool With Foot Rests is Shop Online. Click here find cheapest Outdoor Interiors 50650 Patio Pub Height Super Stool With Foot Rests now. Title 4 19 Relate keywords teak outdoor dining chairs,teak outdoor dining patio furniture,teak outdoor dining seats,teak outdoor dining stool,teak outdoor dining equipment,teak outdoor dining set,tweak outdoor dining chairs,steak outdoor dining chairs,cherry outdoor dining chairs,wood outdoor dining chairs,bamboo outdoor dining chairs,teak outdoor dinnerware chairs,teak waterfront dining chairs,mahogany outdoor dining chairs,cedar outdoor dining chairs,teak outdoor dining sofa,teak outdoor restaurants chairs,teak rooftop dining chairs,hardwood outdoor dining chairs,antique outdoor dining chairs,teak outdoor dining tables Comments Comments are closed. Recent Posts VIFAH V1144 Outdoor Teak Chair Promotions Discount 9 Pc Indoneisan Grade-A Teak Outdoor Patio Dining Set 8 Java Arm Chairs Promotions Discount New 5 Pc Luxurious Grade-A Teak Dining Set 48 Round Butterfly Table and 4 Stacking Arm Chairs [Model AB1] Online Shopping Polywood Outdoor Furniture South Beach Dining Chair, White-Recycled Plastic Materials Promotions Discount 9 Pc Indoneisan Grade-A Teak Outdoor Patio Dining Set 2 Arm and 6 Castle side chairs Promotions Discount Outdoor Interiors 50650 Patio Pub Height Super Stool With Foot Rests Save Price Tags chairs Dining Discount GradeA Indoneisan Outdoor Promotions Powered by WordPress and Created for Teak Outdoor Dining Chairs | Patio Table Store http //teakoutdoordiningchairs.patiotablestore.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com Web Toolbar by Wibiya')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01151', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Teak Outdoor Dining Chairs 9 Pc Indoneisan Grade-A Teak Outdoor Patio Dining Set 8 Java Arm Chairs Promotions Discount VIFAH V1144 Outdoor Teak Chair Promotions Discount Shop and Save on VIFAH V1144 Outdoor Teak Chair Promotions Here For Buy VIFAH V1144 Outdoor Teak Chair on Discount Now Amazing Price !! See Lowest Price Cyber Monday Deals For Cheap VIFAH V1144 Outdoor Teak Chair . This store is the best place to buy cheap VIFAH V1144 Outdoor Teak Chair. If you want to purchase VIFAH V1144 Outdoor Teak Chair in the great price, click on Order Now button or click on Compare Best Price button to see special offers and read more customer reviews. Your order will be delivered within 5-8 business days and FREE with Super Saver Shipping For Order More 25usd . Hurry Up !! This price promotion is time limited. Order the best price from this page. read more VIFAH V1144 Outdoor Teak Chair description Design Enjoy the good look of an Outdoor Pos Teak Chair, the simple design will compliment any home exterior d cor. This lovely chair will help you create a great look for your yard that is comfortable and versatile. Material Our products are made from teak grown in sustainable production throughout the seasonally dry tropics in forestry plantations. Plantation grown teak is not exactly the same with the old-growth teak, which is reputable for durability, structural strength, attractive appearance, and sanity smooth surface. However kiln drying allows for sustainable, plantation-grown teak to perform nearly on par with old-growth teak. Similar to the old-growth teak, plantation-grown teak has a rich golden color throughout its grain, and provides an elegant look for any outdoor wood products. It also has a lot of natural oils that make it water repellent, insect resistant, and suitable for use in exposed locations. The wood also has the unique qualities of not rotting or accumulating rust even when joined with metal Click Here Check Price Now! Before Time Expires and Sold Out Pre-treated, expertly kiln-dried, extremely durable Premium Plantation Teak Mold, mildew, fungi, termites, rot and decay resistant Premium Plantation Teak from controlled forests Product dimensions 24 L by 28 W by 44 H inches by 24-pound Perfect for decks and patios Thanksgiving Day Deals For This Year. Do not miss VIFAH V1144 Outdoor Teak Chair product. Decided to COL4 it today. The cheapest place I have seen this VIFAH V1144 Outdoor Teak Chair is Shop Online. Click here find special price VIFAH V1144 Outdoor Teak Chair now. Title 4 19 Relate keywords teak outdoor dining chairs,teak outdoor dining patio furniture,teak outdoor dining seats,teak outdoor dining stool,teak outdoor dining equipment,teak outdoor dining set,tweak outdoor dining chairs,steak outdoor dining chairs,cherry outdoor dining chairs,wood outdoor dining chairs,bamboo outdoor dining chairs,teak outdoor dinnerware chairs,teak waterfront dining chairs,mahogany outdoor dining chairs,cedar outdoor dining chairs,teak outdoor dining sofa,teak outdoor restaurants chairs,teak rooftop dining chairs,hardwood outdoor dining chairs,antique outdoor dining chairs,teak outdoor dining tables Comments Comments are closed. Recent Posts VIFAH V1144 Outdoor Teak Chair Promotions Discount 9 Pc Indoneisan Grade-A Teak Outdoor Patio Dining Set 8 Java Arm Chairs Promotions Discount New 5 Pc Luxurious Grade-A Teak Dining Set 48 Round Butterfly Table and 4 Stacking Arm Chairs [Model AB1] Online Shopping Polywood Outdoor Furniture South Beach Dining Chair, White-Recycled Plastic Materials Promotions Discount 9 Pc Indoneisan Grade-A Teak Outdoor Patio Dining Set 2 Arm and 6 Castle side chairs Promotions Discount Outdoor Interiors 50650 Patio Pub Height Super Stool With Foot Rests Save Price Tags chairs Dining Discount GradeA Indoneisan Outdoor Promotions Powered by WordPress and Created for Teak Outdoor Dining Chairs | Patio Table Store http //teakoutdoordiningchairs.patiotablestore.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com Web Toolbar by Wibiya')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01153', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Teak Wood Outdoor Furniture Outdoor Interiors 10070 Eucalyptus Folding Side Table, Fully Assembled to Lowest Prices If you are searching for Outdoor Interiors 10070 Eucalyptus Folding Side Table, Fully Assembled in save price and best promotions. Review and compare price before get the best purchase Outdoor Interiors 10070 Eucalyptus Folding Side Table, Fully Assembled. Congratulations To You!! Because this Outdoor Interiors 10070 Eucalyptus Folding Side Table, Fully Assembled is on sale in the store with amazing price and good Quality 100% Guaranteed. This store help you to save money because this is Shopping Online Store. Qualified Orders with fast shipping this Outdoor Interiors 10070 Eucalyptus Folding Side Table, Fully Assembled products. CHEER!!! read more Read the rest of this entry Tags Assembled , Assembled Folding , Eucalyptus , Folding , Interiors , Lowest , Outdoor , Prices , Prices Interiors , Table VIFAH V138G Outdoor Wood Hammock Stand in Classic Arc Design, Natural Wood Finish, 173 by 59 by 43-Inch at Crazy Price If you are looking for VIFAH V138G Outdoor Wood Hammock Stand in Classic Arc Design, Natural Wood Finish, 173 by 59 by 43-Inch in save price and new products. Review and compare price before get the best order VIFAH V138G Outdoor Wood Hammock Stand in Classic Arc Design, Natural Wood Finish, 173 by 59 by 43-Inch. Congratulations To You!! Because this VIFAH V138G Outdoor Wood Hammock Stand in Classic Arc Design, Natural Wood Finish, 173 by 59 by 43-Inch is on sale in the store with special price and good Quality 100% Guaranteed. This store help you to save money because this is Shopping Online Store. Qualified Orders with fast shipping this VIFAH V138G Outdoor Wood Hammock Stand in Classic Arc Design, Natural Wood Finish, 173 by 59 by 43-Inch products. CHEER!!! read more Read the rest of this entry Tags 43Inch , 43Inch Classic , Classic , Design , Finish , Finish 43Inch , Hammock , Natural , Outdoor DC America SL-PB-168-BR Friendship Kids Bench, Cast Iron Frame and Hardwood Slats, Rust Resistant Bronze Finish to Enjoy Savings If you are seeking for DC America SL-PB-168-BR Friendship Kids Bench, Cast Iron Frame and Hardwood Slats, Rust Resistant Bronze Finish in save price and hot promotions. Review and compare price before get the best buy DC America SL-PB-168-BR Friendship Kids Bench, Cast Iron Frame and Hardwood Slats, Rust Resistant Bronze Finish. Congratulations To You!! Because this DC America SL-PB-168-BR Friendship Kids Bench, Cast Iron Frame and Hardwood Slats, Rust Resistant Bronze Finish is on sale in the store with crazy price and good Quality 100% Guaranteed. This store help you to save money because this is Shopping Online Store. Qualified Orders with fast shipping this DC America SL-PB-168-BR Friendship Kids Bench, Cast Iron Frame and Hardwood Slats, Rust Resistant Bronze Finish products. CHEER!!! read more Read the rest of this entry Tags America , Bench , Bronze , Finish , Friendship , Friendship Savings , Hardwood , Resistant , Resistant Friendship , Savings , Slats , SLPB168BR Outdoor Interiors S10666G 7-Piece Oval Fold and Store Table Set with Cushions and Cover For Super Save If you are finding for Outdoor Interiors S10666G 7-Piece Oval Fold and Store Table Set with Cushions and Cover in save price and new products. Review and compare price before get the best buy Outdoor Interiors S10666G 7-Piece Oval Fold and Store Table Set with Cushions and Cover. Congratulations To You!! Because this Outdoor Interiors S10666G 7-Piece Oval Fold and Store Table Set with Cushions and Cover is on sale in the store with special price and good Quality 100% Guaranteed. This store help you to save money because this is Shopping Online Store. Qualified Orders with fast shipping this Outdoor Interiors S10666G 7-Piece Oval Fold and Store Table Set with Cushions and Cover products. CHEER!!! read more Read the rest of this entry Tags 7Piece , Cushions , Interiors , Interiors Outdoor , Outdoor , S10666G , S10666G 7Piece Three Birds Casual Newport 20-Inch Low Square Side Table, Teak Shop Today If you are finding for Three Birds Casual Newport 20-Inch Low Square Side Table, Teak in save price and new promotions. Review and compare price before get the best order Three Birds Casual Newport 20-Inch Low Square Side Table, Teak. Congratulations To You!! Because this Three Birds Casual Newport 20-Inch Low Square Side Table, Teak is on sale in the store with bargain price and good Quality 100% Guaranteed. This store help you to save money because this is Shopping Online Store. Qualified Orders with fast shipping this Three Birds Casual Newport 20-Inch Low Square Side Table, Teak products. CHEER!!! read more Read the rest of this entry Tags 20Inch , Casual , Casual 20Inch , Newport , Newport 20Inch , square , Table Semco 1 Gallon Teak Sealer / Sealant / Protector in Honey Tone Finish in packaged in double boxed carton For Sales If you are seeking for Semco 1 Gallon Teak Sealer / Sealant / Protector in Honey Tone Finish in packaged in double boxed carton in save price and hot bestsellers. Review and compare price before get the best order Semco 1 Gallon Teak Sealer / Sealant / Protector in Honey Tone Finish in packaged in double boxed carton. Congratulations To You!! Because this Semco 1 Gallon Teak Sealer / Sealant / Protector in Honey Tone Finish in packaged in double boxed carton is on sale in the store with cheapest price and good Quality 100% Guaranteed. This store help you to save money because this is Shopping Online Store. Qualified Orders with fast shipping this Semco 1 Gallon Teak Sealer / Sealant / Protector in Honey Tone Finish in packaged in double boxed carton products. CHEER!!! read more Read the rest of this entry Tags carton , double , Finish , Finish Sealant , Gallon , packaged , packaged Sealer , Protector , Sealant , Sealer Patio Set Cover 104 Dia. Fits square, Oval or Round table set to Enjoy Savings If you are finding for Patio Set Cover 104 Dia. Fits square, Oval or Round table set in save price and great products. Review and compare price before get the best buy Patio Set Cover 104 Dia. Fits square, Oval or Round table set. Congratulations To You!! Because this Patio Set Cover 104 Dia. Fits square, Oval or Round table set is on sale in the store with cheapest price and good Quality 100% Guaranteed. This store help you to save money because this is Shopping Online Store. Qualified Orders with fast shipping this Patio Set Cover 104 Dia. Fits square, Oval or Round table set products. CHEER!!! read more Read the rest of this entry Tags 104Dia , Savings , Savings 104Dia , square , square Savings Strathwood Gibranta All-Weather Hardwood Arm Chair, Set of 2 at Unbelievable Prices If you are searching for Strathwood Gibranta All-Weather Hardwood Arm Chair, Set of 2 in save price and bestsellers. Review and compare price before get the best buy Strathwood Gibranta All-Weather Hardwood Arm Chair, Set of 2. Congratulations To You!! Because this Strathwood Gibranta All-Weather Hardwood Arm Chair, Set of 2 is on sale in the store with bargain price and good Quality 100% Guaranteed. This store help you to save money because this is Shopping Online Store. Qualified Orders with fast shipping this Strathwood Gibranta All-Weather Hardwood Arm Chair, Set of 2 products. CHEER!!! read more Read the rest of this entry Tags AllWeather , Chair , Gibranta , Gibranta Strathwood , Hardwood , Hardwood Strathwood , Prices , Strathwood , Unbelievable Strathwood Gibranta All-Weather Hardwood Arm Chair, Set of 2 to Big Deals If you are searching for Strathwood Gibranta All-Weather Hardwood Arm Chair, Set of 2 in save price and reccommend promotions. Review and compare price before get the best order Strathwood Gibranta All-Weather Hardwood Arm Chair, Set of 2. Congratulations To You!! Because this Strathwood Gibranta All-Weather Hardwood Arm Chair, Set of 2 is on sale in the store with cool saving price and good Quality 100% Guaranteed. This store help you to save money because this is Shopping Online Store. Qualified Orders with fast shipping this Strathwood Gibranta All-Weather Hardwood Arm Chair, Set of 2 products. CHEER!!! read more Read the rest of this entry Tags AllWeather , Chair , Gibranta , Hardwood , Hardwood AllWeather , Hardwood Chair , Strathwood Recent Posts Outdoor Interiors 10070 Eucalyptus Folding Side Table, Fully Assembled to Lowest Prices VIFAH V138G Outdoor Wood Hammock Stand in Classic Arc Design, Natural Wood Finish, 173 by 59 by 43-Inch at Crazy Price DC America SL-PB-168-BR Friendship Kids Bench, Cast Iron Frame and Hardwood Slats, Rust Resistant Bronze Finish to Enjoy Savings Outdoor Interiors S10666G 7-Piece Oval Fold and Store Table Set with Cushions and Cover For Super Save Three Birds Casual Newport 20-Inch Low Square Side Table, Teak Shop Today Semco 1 Gallon Teak Sealer / Sealant / Protector in Honey Tone Finish in packaged in double boxed carton For Sales Patio Set Cover 104 Dia. Fits square, Oval or Round table set to Enjoy Savings Strathwood Gibranta All-Weather Hardwood Arm Chair, Set of 2 at Unbelievable Prices Strathwood Gibranta All-Weather Hardwood Arm Chair, Set of 2 to Big Deals Tags 7Piece 20Inch 104Dia AllWeather America Bench Bronze carton Casual Casual 20Inch Chair Cushions double Finish Finish Sealant Friendship Gallon Gibranta Gibranta Strathwood Hardwood Hardwood AllWeather Hardwood Chair Hardwood Strathwood Interiors Interiors Outdoor Newport Newport 20Inch Outdoor packaged packaged Sealer Prices Protector S10666G S10666G 7Piece Savings Savings 104Dia Sealant Sealer Slats SLPB168BR square square Savings Strathwood Table Unbelievable Powered by WordPress and Created for Teak Wood Outdoor Furniture | Deck Furniture Sale http //teakwoodoutdoorfurniture.deckfurnituresale.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com Web Toolbar by Wibiya')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01154', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Teak Wood Outdoor Furniture Outdoor Interiors S10666G 7-Piece Oval Fold and Store Table Set with Cushions and Cover For Super Save DC America SL-PB-168-BR Friendship Kids Bench, Cast Iron Frame and Hardwood Slats, Rust Resistant Bronze Finish to Enjoy Savings If you are seeking for DC America SL-PB-168-BR Friendship Kids Bench, Cast Iron Frame and Hardwood Slats, Rust Resistant Bronze Finish in save price and hot promotions. Review and compare price before get the best buy DC America SL-PB-168-BR Friendship Kids Bench, Cast Iron Frame and Hardwood Slats, Rust Resistant Bronze Finish. Congratulations To You!! Because this DC America SL-PB-168-BR Friendship Kids Bench, Cast Iron Frame and Hardwood Slats, Rust Resistant Bronze Finish is on sale in the store with crazy price and good Quality 100% Guaranteed. This store help you to save money because this is Shopping Online Store. Qualified Orders with fast shipping this DC America SL-PB-168-BR Friendship Kids Bench, Cast Iron Frame and Hardwood Slats, Rust Resistant Bronze Finish products. CHEER!!! read more DC America SL-PB-168-BR Friendship Kids Bench, Cast Iron Frame and Hardwood Slats, Rust Resistant Bronze Finish description DC America #SL-PB-168-BR, Friendship Kids Bench, Cast Iron Frame and Hardwood Slats, Rust Resistant Bronze Finish. Everybody loves to sit outdoors on the lawn, deck, or patio for relaxing and entertaining. D.C. America Garden Furniture has long been the favorite of homeowners, gardeners, and professional landscape designers. Choose from our expanded line of garden benches, patio furniture, dining tables, armchairs, tables, and much more. HOT ITEM LIKE THIS TEND TO SELL OUT VERY QUICKLY Cast iron frame Hardwood slats Bronze color Childrens size Cast iron animal design back I have tried to find information for DC America SL-PB-168-BR Friendship Kids Bench, Cast Iron Frame and Hardwood Slats, Rust Resistant Bronze Finish on the Internet. There are a lot cheaper as well. You can order a DC America SL-PB-168-BR Friendship Kids Bench, Cast Iron Frame and Hardwood Slats, Rust Resistant Bronze Finish in the best great price of the web site, Shopping Online, you will not hesitate a moment. HOT ITEM LIKE THIS TEND TO SELL OUT VERY QUICKLY Title 4 28 Relate keywords teak wood outdoor furniture,teak wood outdoor furniture care,teak lumber outdoor furniture,teak wood pool furniture,walnut wood outdoor furniture,cherry wood outdoor furniture,wood teak patio furniture,outdoor furniture,mahogany wood outdoor furniture,teak plywood outdoor furniture,teak wood outdoor furniture dining,wood outdoor furniture,teak wood wicker furniture,teak flooring outdoor furniture,teak tree outdoor furniture,wood outdoor furniture quality teak,teak wood target,teak wood home depot,teak wood lowes,teak wood bench,teak wood walmart Comments Tags America , Bench , Bronze , Finish , Friendship , Friendship Savings , Hardwood , Resistant , Resistant Friendship , Savings , Slats , SLPB168BR Comments are closed. Recent Posts DC America SL-PB-168-BR Friendship Kids Bench, Cast Iron Frame and Hardwood Slats, Rust Resistant Bronze Finish to Enjoy Savings Outdoor Interiors S10666G 7-Piece Oval Fold and Store Table Set with Cushions and Cover For Super Save Three Birds Casual Newport 20-Inch Low Square Side Table, Teak Shop Today Semco 1 Gallon Teak Sealer / Sealant / Protector in Honey Tone Finish in packaged in double boxed carton For Sales Patio Set Cover 104 Dia. Fits square, Oval or Round table set to Enjoy Savings Strathwood Gibranta All-Weather Hardwood Arm Chair, Set of 2 at Unbelievable Prices Strathwood Gibranta All-Weather Hardwood Arm Chair, Set of 2 to Big Deals Tags 7Piece 20Inch 104Dia AllWeather America Bench Bronze carton Casual Casual 20Inch Chair Cushions double Finish Finish Sealant Friendship Gallon Gibranta Gibranta Strathwood Hardwood Hardwood AllWeather Hardwood Chair Hardwood Strathwood Interiors Interiors Outdoor Newport Newport 20Inch Outdoor packaged packaged Sealer Prices Protector S10666G S10666G 7Piece Savings Savings 104Dia Sealant Sealer Slats SLPB168BR square square Savings Strathwood Table Unbelievable Powered by WordPress and Created for Teak Wood Outdoor Furniture | Deck Furniture Sale http //teakwoodoutdoorfurniture.deckfurnituresale.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com Web Toolbar by Wibiya')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01155', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Teak Wood Outdoor Furniture VIFAH V138G Outdoor Wood Hammock Stand in Classic Arc Design, Natural Wood Finish, 173 by 59 by 43-Inch at Crazy Price Outdoor Interiors 10070 Eucalyptus Folding Side Table, Fully Assembled to Lowest Prices If you are searching for Outdoor Interiors 10070 Eucalyptus Folding Side Table, Fully Assembled in save price and best promotions. Review and compare price before get the best purchase Outdoor Interiors 10070 Eucalyptus Folding Side Table, Fully Assembled. Congratulations To You!! Because this Outdoor Interiors 10070 Eucalyptus Folding Side Table, Fully Assembled is on sale in the store with amazing price and good Quality 100% Guaranteed. This store help you to save money because this is Shopping Online Store. Qualified Orders with fast shipping this Outdoor Interiors 10070 Eucalyptus Folding Side Table, Fully Assembled products. CHEER!!! read more Outdoor Interiors 10070 Eucalyptus Folding Side Table, Fully Assembled description A great table that is amazingly versatile and stylish at the same time. Made from beautiful and durable Eucalyptus. Folds for easy storage and transport. Fully assembled. Easily maintained with a once annual oil treatment. HOT ITEM LIKE THIS TEND TO SELL OUT VERY QUICKLY Perfect for your patio or garden Made of beautiful and durable Eucalyptus Folds for easy storage and transport Fully assembled Easily maintained with hardwood oil sold separately I have tried to find information for Outdoor Interiors 10070 Eucalyptus Folding Side Table, Fully Assembled on the Internet. There are a lot promotion price as well. You can best buy a Outdoor Interiors 10070 Eucalyptus Folding Side Table, Fully Assembled in the best reduced price of the web site, Shopping Online, you will not hesitate a moment. HOT ITEM LIKE THIS TEND TO SELL OUT VERY QUICKLY Title 4 34 Relate keywords teak wood outdoor furniture,teak wood outdoor furniture care,teak lumber outdoor furniture,teak wood pool furniture,walnut wood outdoor furniture,cherry wood outdoor furniture,wood teak patio furniture,outdoor furniture,mahogany wood outdoor furniture,teak plywood outdoor furniture,teak wood outdoor furniture dining,wood outdoor furniture,teak wood wicker furniture,teak flooring outdoor furniture,teak tree outdoor furniture,wood outdoor furniture quality teak,teak wood target,teak wood home depot,teak wood lowes,teak wood bench,teak wood walmart Comments Tags Assembled , Assembled Folding , Eucalyptus , Folding , Interiors , Lowest , Outdoor , Prices , Prices Interiors , Table Comments are closed. Recent Posts Outdoor Interiors 10070 Eucalyptus Folding Side Table, Fully Assembled to Lowest Prices VIFAH V138G Outdoor Wood Hammock Stand in Classic Arc Design, Natural Wood Finish, 173 by 59 by 43-Inch at Crazy Price DC America SL-PB-168-BR Friendship Kids Bench, Cast Iron Frame and Hardwood Slats, Rust Resistant Bronze Finish to Enjoy Savings Outdoor Interiors S10666G 7-Piece Oval Fold and Store Table Set with Cushions and Cover For Super Save Three Birds Casual Newport 20-Inch Low Square Side Table, Teak Shop Today Semco 1 Gallon Teak Sealer / Sealant / Protector in Honey Tone Finish in packaged in double boxed carton For Sales Patio Set Cover 104 Dia. Fits square, Oval or Round table set to Enjoy Savings Strathwood Gibranta All-Weather Hardwood Arm Chair, Set of 2 at Unbelievable Prices Strathwood Gibranta All-Weather Hardwood Arm Chair, Set of 2 to Big Deals Tags 7Piece 20Inch 104Dia AllWeather America Bench Bronze carton Casual Casual 20Inch Chair Cushions double Finish Finish Sealant Friendship Gallon Gibranta Gibranta Strathwood Hardwood Hardwood AllWeather Hardwood Chair Hardwood Strathwood Interiors Interiors Outdoor Newport Newport 20Inch Outdoor packaged packaged Sealer Prices Protector S10666G S10666G 7Piece Savings Savings 104Dia Sealant Sealer Slats SLPB168BR square square Savings Strathwood Table Unbelievable Powered by WordPress and Created for Teak Wood Outdoor Furniture | Deck Furniture Sale http //teakwoodoutdoorfurniture.deckfurnituresale.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com Web Toolbar by Wibiya')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01156', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Teak Wood Outdoor Furniture Strathwood Gibranta All-Weather Hardwood Arm Chair, Set of 2 at Unbelievable Prices Strathwood Gibranta All-Weather Hardwood Arm Chair, Set of 2 to Big Deals If you are searching for Strathwood Gibranta All-Weather Hardwood Arm Chair, Set of 2 in save price and reccommend promotions. Review and compare price before get the best order Strathwood Gibranta All-Weather Hardwood Arm Chair, Set of 2. Congratulations To You!! Because this Strathwood Gibranta All-Weather Hardwood Arm Chair, Set of 2 is on sale in the store with cool saving price and good Quality 100% Guaranteed. This store help you to save money because this is Shopping Online Store. Qualified Orders with fast shipping this Strathwood Gibranta All-Weather Hardwood Arm Chair, Set of 2 products. CHEER!!! read more Strathwood Gibranta All-Weather Hardwood Arm Chair, Set of 2 description HOT ITEM LIKE THIS TEND TO SELL OUT VERY QUICKLY All-weather, hardwood arm chair with removable cushions for outdoor or indoor use Durable, FSC-certified Eucalyptus hardwood; galvanized, rust-free hardware; easy assembly No oiling required, unless to maintain desired color; wood weathers to handsome gray Coordinates with Strathwood s Gibranta, Bradford, and Anderson collections Each measures 24 inches wide by 28 inches deep by 35 inches tall, and weighs 20 pounds I have tried to find information for Strathwood Gibranta All-Weather Hardwood Arm Chair, Set of 2 on the Internet. There are a lot great price as well. You can buy a Strathwood Gibranta All-Weather Hardwood Arm Chair, Set of 2 in the best cheap price of the web site, Shopping Online, you will not hesitate a moment. HOT ITEM LIKE THIS TEND TO SELL OUT VERY QUICKLY Title 4 30 Relate keywords teak wood outdoor furniture,teak wood outdoor furniture care,teak lumber outdoor furniture,teak wood pool furniture,walnut wood outdoor furniture,cherry wood outdoor furniture,wood teak patio furniture,outdoor furniture,mahogany wood outdoor furniture,teak plywood outdoor furniture,teak wood outdoor furniture dining,wood outdoor furniture,teak wood wicker furniture,teak flooring outdoor furniture,teak tree outdoor furniture,wood outdoor furniture quality teak,teak wood target,teak wood home depot,teak wood lowes,teak wood bench,teak wood walmart Comments Tags AllWeather , Chair , Gibranta , Hardwood , Hardwood AllWeather , Hardwood Chair , Strathwood Comments are closed. Recent Posts Outdoor Interiors 10070 Eucalyptus Folding Side Table, Fully Assembled to Lowest Prices VIFAH V138G Outdoor Wood Hammock Stand in Classic Arc Design, Natural Wood Finish, 173 by 59 by 43-Inch at Crazy Price DC America SL-PB-168-BR Friendship Kids Bench, Cast Iron Frame and Hardwood Slats, Rust Resistant Bronze Finish to Enjoy Savings Outdoor Interiors S10666G 7-Piece Oval Fold and Store Table Set with Cushions and Cover For Super Save Three Birds Casual Newport 20-Inch Low Square Side Table, Teak Shop Today Semco 1 Gallon Teak Sealer / Sealant / Protector in Honey Tone Finish in packaged in double boxed carton For Sales Patio Set Cover 104 Dia. Fits square, Oval or Round table set to Enjoy Savings Strathwood Gibranta All-Weather Hardwood Arm Chair, Set of 2 at Unbelievable Prices Strathwood Gibranta All-Weather Hardwood Arm Chair, Set of 2 to Big Deals Tags 7Piece 20Inch 104Dia AllWeather America Bench Bronze carton Casual Casual 20Inch Chair Cushions double Finish Finish Sealant Friendship Gallon Gibranta Gibranta Strathwood Hardwood Hardwood AllWeather Hardwood Chair Hardwood Strathwood Interiors Interiors Outdoor Newport Newport 20Inch Outdoor packaged packaged Sealer Prices Protector S10666G S10666G 7Piece Savings Savings 104Dia Sealant Sealer Slats SLPB168BR square square Savings Strathwood Table Unbelievable Powered by WordPress and Created for Teak Wood Outdoor Furniture | Deck Furniture Sale http //teakwoodoutdoorfurniture.deckfurnituresale.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com Web Toolbar by Wibiya')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01157', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Teak Wood Outdoor Furniture DC America SL-PB-168-BR Friendship Kids Bench, Cast Iron Frame and Hardwood Slats, Rust Resistant Bronze Finish to Enjoy Savings VIFAH V138G Outdoor Wood Hammock Stand in Classic Arc Design, Natural Wood Finish, 173 by 59 by 43-Inch at Crazy Price If you are looking for VIFAH V138G Outdoor Wood Hammock Stand in Classic Arc Design, Natural Wood Finish, 173 by 59 by 43-Inch in save price and new products. Review and compare price before get the best order VIFAH V138G Outdoor Wood Hammock Stand in Classic Arc Design, Natural Wood Finish, 173 by 59 by 43-Inch. Congratulations To You!! Because this VIFAH V138G Outdoor Wood Hammock Stand in Classic Arc Design, Natural Wood Finish, 173 by 59 by 43-Inch is on sale in the store with special price and good Quality 100% Guaranteed. This store help you to save money because this is Shopping Online Store. Qualified Orders with fast shipping this VIFAH V138G Outdoor Wood Hammock Stand in Classic Arc Design, Natural Wood Finish, 173 by 59 by 43-Inch products. CHEER!!! read more VIFAH V138G Outdoor Wood Hammock Stand in Classic Arc Design, Natural Wood Finish, 173 by 59 by 43-Inch description The Arc Hammock Stand is the product to enjoy for years as an incredible addition of relaxation to any backyard or around pool deck. The hammock bed is constructed of a greatly durable FSC High Density Eucalyptus Shorea . High Density Eucalyptus or also known as Shorea in our line is the premium grade of solid Eucalyptus Gradis hardwood, grown in 100-percent well managed forests in Brazil, certified by the FSC Forest Stewardship Council . There is little difference between High Density Eucalyptus Shorea and Teak when broken down to their core essence. The biggest attribute of High Density Eucalyptus Shorea is undoubtedly the strength of the timber. It s renowned for its excellent resistance to every day wear and tear. It is extremely durable and tightly grained to produce a desirable density. It remains unaffected by all variations in weather, especially its resistance to damp conditions makes itself extremely competent at combating insect attacks and decay. Comes in a Natural Wood Finish. 173 by 59 by 43-Inch HOT ITEM LIKE THIS TEND TO SELL OUT VERY QUICKLY 100-Percent highest grade of FSC High Density Eucalyptus Shorea Innovative design Durable for years Ideal for any backyard or pool deck Wieght capacity of 500-pound I have tried to find information for VIFAH V138G Outdoor Wood Hammock Stand in Classic Arc Design, Natural Wood Finish, 173 by 59 by 43-Inch on the Internet. There are a lot bargain price as well. You can best buy a VIFAH V138G Outdoor Wood Hammock Stand in Classic Arc Design, Natural Wood Finish, 173 by 59 by 43-Inch in the best great price of the web site, Shopping Online, you will not hesitate a moment. HOT ITEM LIKE THIS TEND TO SELL OUT VERY QUICKLY Title 4 15 Relate keywords teak wood outdoor furniture,teak wood outdoor furniture care,teak lumber outdoor furniture,teak wood pool furniture,walnut wood outdoor furniture,cherry wood outdoor furniture,wood teak patio furniture,outdoor furniture,mahogany wood outdoor furniture,teak plywood outdoor furniture,teak wood outdoor furniture dining,wood outdoor furniture,teak wood wicker furniture,teak flooring outdoor furniture,teak tree outdoor furniture,wood outdoor furniture quality teak,teak wood target,teak wood home depot,teak wood lowes,teak wood bench,teak wood walmart Comments Tags 43Inch , 43Inch Classic , Classic , Design , Finish , Finish 43Inch , Hammock , Natural , Outdoor Comments are closed. Recent Posts VIFAH V138G Outdoor Wood Hammock Stand in Classic Arc Design, Natural Wood Finish, 173 by 59 by 43-Inch at Crazy Price DC America SL-PB-168-BR Friendship Kids Bench, Cast Iron Frame and Hardwood Slats, Rust Resistant Bronze Finish to Enjoy Savings Outdoor Interiors S10666G 7-Piece Oval Fold and Store Table Set with Cushions and Cover For Super Save Three Birds Casual Newport 20-Inch Low Square Side Table, Teak Shop Today Semco 1 Gallon Teak Sealer / Sealant / Protector in Honey Tone Finish in packaged in double boxed carton For Sales Patio Set Cover 104 Dia. Fits square, Oval or Round table set to Enjoy Savings Strathwood Gibranta All-Weather Hardwood Arm Chair, Set of 2 at Unbelievable Prices Strathwood Gibranta All-Weather Hardwood Arm Chair, Set of 2 to Big Deals Tags 7Piece 20Inch 104Dia AllWeather America Bench Bronze carton Casual Casual 20Inch Chair Cushions double Finish Finish Sealant Friendship Gallon Gibranta Gibranta Strathwood Hardwood Hardwood AllWeather Hardwood Chair Hardwood Strathwood Interiors Interiors Outdoor Newport Newport 20Inch Outdoor packaged packaged Sealer Prices Protector S10666G S10666G 7Piece Savings Savings 104Dia Sealant Sealer Slats SLPB168BR square square Savings Strathwood Table Unbelievable Powered by WordPress and Created for Teak Wood Outdoor Furniture | Deck Furniture Sale http //teakwoodoutdoorfurniture.deckfurnituresale.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com Web Toolbar by Wibiya')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01159', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Wicker Furniture Warehouse Fountain Save Money Big Deal with Fountain Find Cool Savings on Fountain. We Offer Fountain to Compare Prices I read a lot of the Fountain great price reviews and comparison before I bought this. Don t spend more than you have to! I already done the research for you. Read Here where to buy Fountain at The LOWEST Prices! Visit the best products in Fountain list for authoritative information on this product current rank. read more Read the rest of this entry Winsome Wood Leo Storage Baskets, Set of 3, Walnut Promotions Discount Find and Compare prices on Winsome Wood Leo Storage Baskets, Set of 3, Walnut Shop and Save on Winsome Wood Leo Storage Baskets, Set of 3, Walnut. We Offer Winsome Wood Leo Storage Baskets, Set of 3, Walnut For Great Prices I read a lot of the Winsome Wood Leo Storage Baskets, Set of 3, Walnut bargain price reviews and comparison before I bought this. Don t spend more than you have to! I already done the research for you. Read Here where to buy Winsome Wood Leo Storage Baskets, Set of 3, Walnut at The CHEAPEST Prices! Visit the top bestsellers in Winsome Wood Leo Storage Baskets, Set of 3, Walnut list for authoritative information on this product current rank. read more Read the rest of this entry Algoma 4053-57 Butterfly Chair Black Frame, Ebony Sale Discount Prices A Top Supplier of Algoma 4053-57 Butterfly Chair Black Frame, Ebony Enjoy Savings on Algoma 4053-57 Butterfly Chair Black Frame, Ebony. We Offer Algoma 4053-57 Butterfly Chair Black Frame, Ebony Shop and Save I read a lot of the Algoma 4053-57 Butterfly Chair Black Frame, Ebony bargain price reviews and comparison before I bought this. Don t spend more than you have to! I already done the research for you. Read Here where to buy Algoma 4053-57 Butterfly Chair Black Frame, Ebony at The CRAZY Prices! Visit the reccommend products in Algoma 4053-57 Butterfly Chair Black Frame, Ebony list for authoritative information on this product current rank. read more Read the rest of this entry Protective Covers 1154 Weatherproof Outdoor Furniture Cover, 54-inch x 20-inch Promotions Discount Affordable Prices on Protective Covers 1154 Weatherproof Outdoor Furniture Cover, 54-inch x 20-inch Great Selection of Protective Covers 1154 Weatherproof Outdoor Furniture Cover, 54-inch x 20-inch. We Offer Protective Covers 1154 Weatherproof Outdoor Furniture Cover, 54-inch x 20-inch Hot Price I read a lot of the Protective Covers 1154 Weatherproof Outdoor Furniture Cover, 54-inch x 20-inch low price reviews and comparison before I bought this. Don t spend more than you have to! I already done the research for you. Read Here where to buy Protective Covers 1154 Weatherproof Outdoor Furniture Cover, 54-inch x 20-inch at The COOL SAVING Prices! Visit the new arrival in Protective Covers 1154 Weatherproof Outdoor Furniture Cover, 54-inch x 20-inch list for authoritative information on this product current rank. read more Read the rest of this entry 22 Tall Watering Can Floor Fountain w/ Halogen Light Offer Promotion Today Save Huge on 22 Tall Watering Can Floor Fountain w/ Halogen Light Find and Compare prices on 22 Tall Watering Can Floor Fountain w/ Halogen Light. We Offer 22 Tall Watering Can Floor Fountain w/ Halogen Light on Lowest Prices I read a lot of the 22 Tall Watering Can Floor Fountain w/ Halogen Light affordable price reviews and comparison before I bought this. Don t spend more than you have to! I already done the research for you. Read Here where to buy 22 Tall Watering Can Floor Fountain w/ Halogen Light at The LOWEST Prices! Visit the hot products in 22 Tall Watering Can Floor Fountain w/ Halogen Light list for authoritative information on this product current rank. read more Read the rest of this entry Chicago Wicker/NCI Georgetown High Back Rocker Save Money Find Deals on Chicago Wicker/NCI Georgetown High Back Rocker Great Selection of Chicago Wicker/NCI Georgetown High Back Rocker. We Offer Chicago Wicker/NCI Georgetown High Back Rocker at Cool Savings I read a lot of the Chicago Wicker/NCI Georgetown High Back Rocker great price reviews and comparison before I bought this. Don t spend more than you have to! I already done the research for you. Read Here where to buy Chicago Wicker/NCI Georgetown High Back Rocker at The COOL SAVING Prices! Visit the reccommend promotions in Chicago Wicker/NCI Georgetown High Back Rocker list for authoritative information on this product current rank. read more Read the rest of this entry Winsome Wood Milan Wood 3 Tier Open Cabinet in Antique Walnut Finish and 3 Rattan Baskets in Espresso Finish Best Offer Promotion Great Selection on Winsome Wood Milan Wood 3 Tier Open Cabinet in Antique Walnut Finish and 3 Rattan Baskets in Espresso Finish The Lowest Prices on Winsome Wood Milan Wood 3 Tier Open Cabinet in Antique Walnut Finish and 3 Rattan Baskets in Espresso Finish. We Offer Winsome Wood Milan Wood 3 Tier Open Cabinet in Antique Walnut Finish and 3 Rattan Baskets in Espresso Finish to Compare Great Prices I read a lot of the Winsome Wood Milan Wood 3 Tier Open Cabinet in Antique Walnut Finish and 3 Rattan Baskets in Espresso Finish best price reviews before I bought this. Don t spend more than you have to! I already done the research for you. Read Here where to buy Winsome Wood Milan Wood 3 Tier Open Cabinet in Antique Walnut Finish and 3 Rattan Baskets in Espresso Finish at The GREAT Prices! Visit the great promotions in Winsome Wood Milan Wood 3 Tier Open Cabinet in Antique Walnut Finish and 3 Rattan Baskets in Espresso Finish list for authoritative information on this product current rank. read more Read the rest of this entry Protective Covers 1127 Weatherproof Cover for 3-Seat Wicker/Rattan Sofa, Regular Online Shopping Shop for Protective Covers 1127 Weatherproof Cover for 3-Seat Wicker/Rattan Sofa, Regular Discount on Protective Covers 1127 Weatherproof Cover for 3-Seat Wicker/Rattan Sofa, Regular. We Offer Protective Covers 1127 Weatherproof Cover for 3-Seat Wicker/Rattan Sofa, Regular For Save selections I read a lot of the Protective Covers 1127 Weatherproof Cover for 3-Seat Wicker/Rattan Sofa, Regular bargain price reviews and comparison before I bought this. Don t spend more than you have to! I already done the research for you. Read Here where to buy Protective Covers 1127 Weatherproof Cover for 3-Seat Wicker/Rattan Sofa, Regular at The UNBELIEVABLE Prices! Visit the hot products in Protective Covers 1127 Weatherproof Cover for 3-Seat Wicker/Rattan Sofa, Regular list for authoritative information on this product current rank. read more Read the rest of this entry Recent Posts Fountain Save Money Winsome Wood Leo Storage Baskets, Set of 3, Walnut Promotions Discount Algoma 4053-57 Butterfly Chair Black Frame, Ebony Sale Discount Prices Protective Covers 1154 Weatherproof Outdoor Furniture Cover, 54-inch x 20-inch Promotions Discount 22 Tall Watering Can Floor Fountain w/ Halogen Light Offer Promotion Today Chicago Wicker/NCI Georgetown High Back Rocker Save Money Winsome Wood Milan Wood 3 Tier Open Cabinet in Antique Walnut Finish and 3 Rattan Baskets in Espresso Finish Best Offer Promotion Protective Covers 1127 Weatherproof Cover for 3-Seat Wicker/Rattan Sofa, Regular Online Shopping Tags Covers Discount Promotion Protective Walnut Weatherproof Winsome Powered by WordPress and Created for Wicker Furniture Warehouse | Patio Table Store http //wickerfurniturewarehouse.patiotablestore.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com Web Toolbar by Wibiya')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01160', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Wicker Furniture Warehouse Protective Covers 1154 Weatherproof Outdoor Furniture Cover, 54-inch x 20-inch Promotions Discount Winsome Wood Leo Storage Baskets, Set of 3, Walnut Promotions Discount Algoma 4053-57 Butterfly Chair Black Frame, Ebony Sale Discount Prices A Top Supplier of Algoma 4053-57 Butterfly Chair Black Frame, Ebony Enjoy Savings on Algoma 4053-57 Butterfly Chair Black Frame, Ebony. We Offer Algoma 4053-57 Butterfly Chair Black Frame, Ebony Shop and Save I read a lot of the Algoma 4053-57 Butterfly Chair Black Frame, Ebony bargain price reviews and comparison before I bought this. Don t spend more than you have to! I already done the research for you. Read Here where to buy Algoma 4053-57 Butterfly Chair Black Frame, Ebony at The CRAZY Prices! Visit the reccommend products in Algoma 4053-57 Butterfly Chair Black Frame, Ebony list for authoritative information on this product current rank. read more Algoma 4053-57 Butterfly Chair Black Frame, Ebony description Algoma 4053-57 butterfly chair black frame ebony. Price List $79.00 Click Here Check Price Now! Before Time Expires and Sold Out Where to Buy And Save Big Algoma 4053-57 Butterfly Chair Black Frame, Ebony on Sale Today Cotton fabric Folding frame for easy storage See Lowest Price Holiday Deals For Best Buy Algoma 4053-57 Butterfly Chair Black Frame, Ebony Click These Link Above to Buy And Save Big Algoma 4053-57 Butterfly Chair Black Frame, Ebony. We are Guarantee Fast Service in United States, Stock Goes Quickly For The New Releases Algoma 4053-57 Butterfly Chair Black Frame, Ebony Products. Order Now! while Stock Last to Avoid Disappointment Title 4 40 Relate keywords wicker furniture warehouse,wicker living room furniture,wicker bedroom furniture,wicker office furniture,wicker bedroom furniture,wicker office furniture,wicker furniture outlet,wicker furniture factory,wicker furniture commercial,wicker living room furniture,wicker furniture,wicker furniture wharehouse,wicker furniture shop,wicker furniture distribution,sunroom furniture warehouse,outdoor furniture warehouse,target warehouse,walmart warehouse,wicker furniture industrial,patio furniture warehouse,pier one warehouse,ebay warehouse,wicker furniture wholesale,wicker furniture guide Comments Comments are closed. Recent Posts Fountain Save Money Winsome Wood Leo Storage Baskets, Set of 3, Walnut Promotions Discount Algoma 4053-57 Butterfly Chair Black Frame, Ebony Sale Discount Prices Protective Covers 1154 Weatherproof Outdoor Furniture Cover, 54-inch x 20-inch Promotions Discount 22 Tall Watering Can Floor Fountain w/ Halogen Light Offer Promotion Today Chicago Wicker/NCI Georgetown High Back Rocker Save Money Winsome Wood Milan Wood 3 Tier Open Cabinet in Antique Walnut Finish and 3 Rattan Baskets in Espresso Finish Best Offer Promotion Protective Covers 1127 Weatherproof Cover for 3-Seat Wicker/Rattan Sofa, Regular Online Shopping Tags Covers Discount Promotion Protective Walnut Weatherproof Winsome Powered by WordPress and Created for Wicker Furniture Warehouse | Patio Table Store http //wickerfurniturewarehouse.patiotablestore.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com Web Toolbar by Wibiya')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01161', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Wicker Furniture Warehouse Winsome Wood Leo Storage Baskets, Set of 3, Walnut Promotions Discount Fountain Save Money Big Deal with Fountain Find Cool Savings on Fountain. We Offer Fountain to Compare Prices I read a lot of the Fountain great price reviews and comparison before I bought this. Don t spend more than you have to! I already done the research for you. Read Here where to buy Fountain at The LOWEST Prices! Visit the best products in Fountain list for authoritative information on this product current rank. read more Fountain description GIL472SLR Features -Fountain.-Made from fiberglass.-Comes with a solar panel.-Powers the water without any electricity or messy wires.-For best results, place your solar panel in direct sunlight.-Long lasting. Includes -Pump and all necessary parts included. Assembly Instructions -Assembly required. Dimensions -Dimensions 27 H x 17 W x 17 D. Price List $304.99 Click Here Check Price Now! Before Time Expires and Sold Out Where to Compare Great Prices Fountain on Sale Solar birdbath fountain constructed from fiberglass Two-tiered design resembles log carving Includes a remote solar panel with cord Solar panel can be hidden from direct view Dimensions 17 diam. x 27H inches See Lowest Price Holiday Deals For Best Buy Cheap Fountain Click These Link Above to Compare Great Prices Fountain. Great Choice And Smart Deals, Stock Goes Quickly For The Great Promotion Fountain Products. Purchase Today! while Stock Last to Avoid Disappointment Title 4 31 Relate keywords wicker furniture warehouse,wicker living room furniture,wicker bedroom furniture,wicker office furniture,wicker bedroom furniture,wicker office furniture,wicker furniture outlet,wicker furniture factory,wicker furniture commercial,wicker living room furniture,wicker furniture,wicker furniture wharehouse,wicker furniture shop,wicker furniture distribution,sunroom furniture warehouse,outdoor furniture warehouse,target warehouse,walmart warehouse,wicker furniture industrial,patio furniture warehouse,pier one warehouse,ebay warehouse,wicker furniture wholesale,wicker furniture guide Comments Comments are closed. Recent Posts Fountain Save Money Winsome Wood Leo Storage Baskets, Set of 3, Walnut Promotions Discount Algoma 4053-57 Butterfly Chair Black Frame, Ebony Sale Discount Prices Protective Covers 1154 Weatherproof Outdoor Furniture Cover, 54-inch x 20-inch Promotions Discount 22 Tall Watering Can Floor Fountain w/ Halogen Light Offer Promotion Today Chicago Wicker/NCI Georgetown High Back Rocker Save Money Winsome Wood Milan Wood 3 Tier Open Cabinet in Antique Walnut Finish and 3 Rattan Baskets in Espresso Finish Best Offer Promotion Protective Covers 1127 Weatherproof Cover for 3-Seat Wicker/Rattan Sofa, Regular Online Shopping Tags Covers Discount Promotion Protective Walnut Weatherproof Winsome Powered by WordPress and Created for Wicker Furniture Warehouse | Patio Table Store http //wickerfurniturewarehouse.patiotablestore.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com Web Toolbar by Wibiya')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01162', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Wicker Furniture Warehouse Winsome Wood Milan Wood 3 Tier Open Cabinet in Antique Walnut Finish and 3 Rattan Baskets in Espresso Finish Best Offer Promotion Protective Covers 1127 Weatherproof Cover for 3-Seat Wicker/Rattan Sofa, Regular Online Shopping Shop for Protective Covers 1127 Weatherproof Cover for 3-Seat Wicker/Rattan Sofa, Regular Discount on Protective Covers 1127 Weatherproof Cover for 3-Seat Wicker/Rattan Sofa, Regular. We Offer Protective Covers 1127 Weatherproof Cover for 3-Seat Wicker/Rattan Sofa, Regular For Save selections I read a lot of the Protective Covers 1127 Weatherproof Cover for 3-Seat Wicker/Rattan Sofa, Regular bargain price reviews and comparison before I bought this. Don t spend more than you have to! I already done the research for you. Read Here where to buy Protective Covers 1127 Weatherproof Cover for 3-Seat Wicker/Rattan Sofa, Regular at The UNBELIEVABLE Prices! Visit the hot products in Protective Covers 1127 Weatherproof Cover for 3-Seat Wicker/Rattan Sofa, Regular list for authoritative information on this product current rank. read more Protective Covers 1127 Weatherproof Cover for 3-Seat Wicker/Rattan Sofa, Regular description Made in sizes to fit most wicker / rattan sofas. Features a smart Velcro fastening system where applicable . Covers are waterproof and have been UV treated to last years outdoors. Vinyl is soft and rich to the touch and will add luxury to your patio while protecting your furniture investment. Price List $39.00 Click to Check Update Prices Today Where to Enjoy Savings Protective Covers 1127 Weatherproof Cover for 3-Seat Wicker/Rattan Sofa, Regular Review Weatherproof vinyl cover for outdoor wicker/rattan sofa Velcro drawstring for firm hold even in wind 7-millimeter vinyl shell with fleece backing for durability and scratch resistance UV-treated to withstand sun exposure; won t crack in cold or come off in wind Measures 84 by 35 by 35 inches w x d x h ; 3-year manufacturer warranty Lowest Price Holiday Deals For Buy Cheap Protective Covers 1127 Weatherproof Cover for 3-Seat Wicker/Rattan Sofa, Regular Click These Link Above to Enjoy Savings Protective Covers 1127 Weatherproof Cover for 3-Seat Wicker/Rattan Sofa, Regular. Great Fast Service And Safe Ordering, Stock Goes Quickly For The New Releases Protective Covers 1127 Weatherproof Cover for 3-Seat Wicker/Rattan Sofa, Regular Products. Purchase Today! while Stock Last to Avoid Disappointment Title 4 36 Relate keywords wicker furniture warehouse,wicker living room furniture,wicker bedroom furniture,wicker office furniture,wicker bedroom furniture,wicker office furniture,wicker furniture outlet,wicker furniture factory,wicker furniture commercial,wicker living room furniture,wicker furniture,wicker furniture wharehouse,wicker furniture shop,wicker furniture distribution,sunroom furniture warehouse,outdoor furniture warehouse,target warehouse,walmart warehouse,wicker furniture industrial,patio furniture warehouse,pier one warehouse,ebay warehouse,wicker furniture wholesale,wicker furniture guide Comments Comments are closed. Recent Posts Fountain Save Money Winsome Wood Leo Storage Baskets, Set of 3, Walnut Promotions Discount Algoma 4053-57 Butterfly Chair Black Frame, Ebony Sale Discount Prices Protective Covers 1154 Weatherproof Outdoor Furniture Cover, 54-inch x 20-inch Promotions Discount 22 Tall Watering Can Floor Fountain w/ Halogen Light Offer Promotion Today Chicago Wicker/NCI Georgetown High Back Rocker Save Money Winsome Wood Milan Wood 3 Tier Open Cabinet in Antique Walnut Finish and 3 Rattan Baskets in Espresso Finish Best Offer Promotion Protective Covers 1127 Weatherproof Cover for 3-Seat Wicker/Rattan Sofa, Regular Online Shopping Tags Covers Discount Promotion Protective Walnut Weatherproof Winsome Powered by WordPress and Created for Wicker Furniture Warehouse | Patio Table Store http //wickerfurniturewarehouse.patiotablestore.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com Web Toolbar by Wibiya')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01163', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Wicker Furniture Warehouse Algoma 4053-57 Butterfly Chair Black Frame, Ebony Sale Discount Prices Fountain Save Money Winsome Wood Leo Storage Baskets, Set of 3, Walnut Promotions Discount Find and Compare prices on Winsome Wood Leo Storage Baskets, Set of 3, Walnut Shop and Save on Winsome Wood Leo Storage Baskets, Set of 3, Walnut. We Offer Winsome Wood Leo Storage Baskets, Set of 3, Walnut For Great Prices I read a lot of the Winsome Wood Leo Storage Baskets, Set of 3, Walnut bargain price reviews and comparison before I bought this. Don t spend more than you have to! I already done the research for you. Read Here where to buy Winsome Wood Leo Storage Baskets, Set of 3, Walnut at The CHEAPEST Prices! Visit the top bestsellers in Winsome Wood Leo Storage Baskets, Set of 3, Walnut list for authoritative information on this product current rank. read more Winsome Wood Leo Storage Baskets, Set of 3, Walnut description This set of three wicker baskets, one large and two small, is ideal for use with the Espresso Wide and Narrow Storage Shelves. Made from durable wicker, they are practical as well as elegant. Price List $110.99 Click Here Check Price Now! Before Time Expires and Sold Out Where to Buy Cheap Winsome Wood Leo Storage Baskets, Set of 3, Walnut Now Set of 3 storage baskets from Winsome Wood; includes 1 23-by-10-by-9-1/4-inch basket and 2 11-by-10-by-9-1/4-inch baskets Wicker construction with metal frames for extra strength; walnut finish Spacious handle holes for transporting; great for stowing loose odds and ends, books, toys, and more Set measures 23 inches wide by 10 inches deep by 9-1/4 inches high and weighs 8 pounds upon shipping See Lowest Price Holiday Deals For Buy Winsome Wood Leo Storage Baskets, Set of 3, Walnut Click These Link Above to Buy Cheap Winsome Wood Leo Storage Baskets, Set of 3, Walnut. Fast Service And Satisfaction Guarantee, Stock Goes Quickly For The Great Promotion Winsome Wood Leo Storage Baskets, Set of 3, Walnut Products. Shop Now! while Stock Last to Avoid Disappointment Title 4 19 Relate keywords wicker furniture warehouse,wicker living room furniture,wicker bedroom furniture,wicker office furniture,wicker bedroom furniture,wicker office furniture,wicker furniture outlet,wicker furniture factory,wicker furniture commercial,wicker living room furniture,wicker furniture,wicker furniture wharehouse,wicker furniture shop,wicker furniture distribution,sunroom furniture warehouse,outdoor furniture warehouse,target warehouse,walmart warehouse,wicker furniture industrial,patio furniture warehouse,pier one warehouse,ebay warehouse,wicker furniture wholesale,wicker furniture guide Comments Comments are closed. Recent Posts Fountain Save Money Winsome Wood Leo Storage Baskets, Set of 3, Walnut Promotions Discount Algoma 4053-57 Butterfly Chair Black Frame, Ebony Sale Discount Prices Protective Covers 1154 Weatherproof Outdoor Furniture Cover, 54-inch x 20-inch Promotions Discount 22 Tall Watering Can Floor Fountain w/ Halogen Light Offer Promotion Today Chicago Wicker/NCI Georgetown High Back Rocker Save Money Winsome Wood Milan Wood 3 Tier Open Cabinet in Antique Walnut Finish and 3 Rattan Baskets in Espresso Finish Best Offer Promotion Protective Covers 1127 Weatherproof Cover for 3-Seat Wicker/Rattan Sofa, Regular Online Shopping Tags Covers Discount Promotion Protective Walnut Weatherproof Winsome Powered by WordPress and Created for Wicker Furniture Warehouse | Patio Table Store http //wickerfurniturewarehouse.patiotablestore.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com Web Toolbar by Wibiya')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01164', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Wicker Furniture Warehouse Protective Covers 1127 Weatherproof Cover for 3-Seat Wicker/Rattan Sofa, Regular Online Shopping Chicago Wicker/NCI Georgetown High Back Rocker Save Money Winsome Wood Milan Wood 3 Tier Open Cabinet in Antique Walnut Finish and 3 Rattan Baskets in Espresso Finish Best Offer Promotion Great Selection on Winsome Wood Milan Wood 3 Tier Open Cabinet in Antique Walnut Finish and 3 Rattan Baskets in Espresso Finish The Lowest Prices on Winsome Wood Milan Wood 3 Tier Open Cabinet in Antique Walnut Finish and 3 Rattan Baskets in Espresso Finish. We Offer Winsome Wood Milan Wood 3 Tier Open Cabinet in Antique Walnut Finish and 3 Rattan Baskets in Espresso Finish to Compare Great Prices I read a lot of the Winsome Wood Milan Wood 3 Tier Open Cabinet in Antique Walnut Finish and 3 Rattan Baskets in Espresso Finish best price reviews before I bought this. Don t spend more than you have to! I already done the research for you. Read Here where to buy Winsome Wood Milan Wood 3 Tier Open Cabinet in Antique Walnut Finish and 3 Rattan Baskets in Espresso Finish at The GREAT Prices! Visit the great promotions in Winsome Wood Milan Wood 3 Tier Open Cabinet in Antique Walnut Finish and 3 Rattan Baskets in Espresso Finish list for authoritative information on this product current rank. read more Winsome Wood Milan Wood 3 Tier Open Cabinet in Antique Walnut Finish and 3 Rattan Baskets in Espresso Finish description Two sectioned, wide wood shelf with large rattan storage basket & two small rattan storage baskets. Elegant yet functional. Mix and match with the other walnut stained storage shelves from Winsome s Milan collection. Shelf is 30H x 28W x 13D. Baskets are large 22.83W x 10D x 9H and small are 11W x 10D x 9H Price List $210.00 Please Click to Check Update Price Where to Buy Cheap Prices Winsome Wood Milan Wood 3 Tier Open Cabinet in Antique Walnut Finish and 3 Rattan Baskets in Espresso Finish Deals 30 H 2 section open shelf in warm Walnut finish S/3 Espressso stained rattan baskets fit neatly on the shelves 3rd shelf holds a lamp or artwork mix with other shelves in the Milan collection Ships complete with hardware and tools for easy assembly See Lowest Price Holiday Deals For Discount Winsome Wood Milan Wood 3 Tier Open Cabinet in Antique Walnut Finish and 3 Rattan Baskets in Espresso Finish Click These Link Above to Buy Cheap Prices Winsome Wood Milan Wood 3 Tier Open Cabinet in Antique Walnut Finish and 3 Rattan Baskets in Espresso Finish. Fast Service And Satisfaction Guarantee, Stock Goes Quickly For The Promotions Winsome Wood Milan Wood 3 Tier Open Cabinet in Antique Walnut Finish and 3 Rattan Baskets in Espresso Finish Products. Go Now! while Stock Last to Avoid Disappointment Title 4 36 Relate keywords wicker furniture warehouse,wicker living room furniture,wicker bedroom furniture,wicker office furniture,wicker bedroom furniture,wicker office furniture,wicker furniture outlet,wicker furniture factory,wicker furniture commercial,wicker living room furniture,wicker furniture,wicker furniture wharehouse,wicker furniture shop,wicker furniture distribution,sunroom furniture warehouse,outdoor furniture warehouse,target warehouse,walmart warehouse,wicker furniture industrial,patio furniture warehouse,pier one warehouse,ebay warehouse,wicker furniture wholesale,wicker furniture guide Comments Comments are closed. Recent Posts Fountain Save Money Winsome Wood Leo Storage Baskets, Set of 3, Walnut Promotions Discount Algoma 4053-57 Butterfly Chair Black Frame, Ebony Sale Discount Prices Protective Covers 1154 Weatherproof Outdoor Furniture Cover, 54-inch x 20-inch Promotions Discount 22 Tall Watering Can Floor Fountain w/ Halogen Light Offer Promotion Today Chicago Wicker/NCI Georgetown High Back Rocker Save Money Winsome Wood Milan Wood 3 Tier Open Cabinet in Antique Walnut Finish and 3 Rattan Baskets in Espresso Finish Best Offer Promotion Protective Covers 1127 Weatherproof Cover for 3-Seat Wicker/Rattan Sofa, Regular Online Shopping Tags Covers Discount Promotion Protective Walnut Weatherproof Winsome Powered by WordPress and Created for Wicker Furniture Warehouse | Patio Table Store http //wickerfurniturewarehouse.patiotablestore.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com Web Toolbar by Wibiya')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01166', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Wood Patio Swing New Grade A Teak Porch Garden 5 feet Swing Chair only & Sunbrella fabric cushions sold separately to Compare Great Prices Get research about New Grade A Teak Porch Garden 5 feet Swing Chair only & Sunbrella fabric cushions sold separately now. Purchase New Grade A Teak Porch Garden 5 feet Swing Chair only & Sunbrella fabric cushions sold separately and get more bestseller on New Grade A Teak Porch Garden 5 feet Swing Chair only & Sunbrella fabric cushions sold separately . Customer buying Choice New Grade A Teak Porch Garden 5 feet Swing Chair only & Sunbrella fabric cushions sold separately . Quick! This promotion with limited time offer. Get New Grade A Teak Porch Garden 5 feet Swing Chair only & Sunbrella fabric cushions sold separately Now!. read more Read the rest of this entry Cedar Adirondack Chair Style Porch Swing Natural 32 H x 53 W x 26 D at cheapest prices Get information about Cedar Adirondack Chair Style Porch Swing Natural 32 H x 53 W x 26 D now. Buy Cedar Adirondack Chair Style Porch Swing Natural 32 H x 53 W x 26 D and get more hot bestseller on Cedar Adirondack Chair Style Porch Swing Natural 32 H x 53 W x 26 D . Customer buying Choice Cedar Adirondack Chair Style Porch Swing Natural 32 H x 53 W x 26 D . Quick! This promotion with limited time offer. Get Cedar Adirondack Chair Style Porch Swing Natural 32 H x 53 W x 26 D Now!. read more Read the rest of this entry Outdoor Balau Three Seater Wooden Swing to Compare Great Prices Get review about Outdoor Balau Three Seater Wooden Swing online. Order Outdoor Balau Three Seater Wooden Swing and get more great product on Outdoor Balau Three Seater Wooden Swing. Customer buying Choice Outdoor Balau Three Seater Wooden Swing. Quick! This promotion with limited time offer. Get Outdoor Balau Three Seater Wooden Swing Now!. read more Read the rest of this entry Two Seater Balau Swing with Curved Back For Best Price online Get research about Two Seater Balau Swing with Curved Back online. Buy Two Seater Balau Swing with Curved Back and get more hot products on Two Seater Balau Swing with Curved Back. Customer buying Choice Two Seater Balau Swing with Curved Back. Quick! This promotion with limited time offer. Get Two Seater Balau Swing with Curved Back Now!. read more Read the rest of this entry North Woods Collection 5 Log Swing and Frame For Save Big Get information about North Woods Collection 5 Log Swing and Frame today. Best buy North Woods Collection 5 Log Swing and Frame and get more bargain price on North Woods Collection 5 Log Swing and Frame. Customer buying Choice North Woods Collection 5 Log Swing and Frame. Quick! This promotion with limited time offer. Get North Woods Collection 5 Log Swing and Frame Now!. read more Read the rest of this entry Classic Porch Swing, SLATTED, BLACK For Shopping Deals Get information about Classic Porch Swing, SLATTED, BLACK now. Best purchase Classic Porch Swing, SLATTED, BLACK and get more crazy price on Classic Porch Swing, SLATTED, BLACK. Customer buying Choice Classic Porch Swing, SLATTED, BLACK. Quick! This promotion with limited time offer. Get Classic Porch Swing, SLATTED, BLACK Now!. read more Read the rest of this entry Vineyard 60 Swing Black Black 23.25 H x 60.5 W x 24 D to Big Deals Get research about Vineyard 60 Swing Black Black 23.25 H x 60.5 W x 24 D online. Purchase Vineyard 60 Swing Black Black 23.25 H x 60.5 W x 24 D and get more promotion price on Vineyard 60 Swing Black Black 23.25 H x 60.5 W x 24 D . Customer buying Choice Vineyard 60 Swing Black Black 23.25 H x 60.5 W x 24 D . Quick! This promotion with limited time offer. Get Vineyard 60 Swing Black Black 23.25 H x 60.5 W x 24 D Now!. read more Read the rest of this entry Lifetime Glider Bench, Faux Wood Construction, # 60055 at Reduced Prices Get research about Lifetime Glider Bench, Faux Wood Construction, # 60055 now. Order Lifetime Glider Bench, Faux Wood Construction, # 60055 and get more inexpensive price on Lifetime Glider Bench, Faux Wood Construction, # 60055. Customer buying Choice Lifetime Glider Bench, Faux Wood Construction, # 60055. Quick! This promotion with limited time offer. Get Lifetime Glider Bench, Faux Wood Construction, # 60055 Now!. read more Read the rest of this entry Recent Posts New Grade A Teak Porch Garden 5 feet Swing Chair only & Sunbrella fabric cushions sold separately to Compare Great Prices Cedar Adirondack Chair Style Porch Swing Natural 32 H x 53 W x 26 D at cheapest prices Outdoor Balau Three Seater Wooden Swing to Compare Great Prices Two Seater Balau Swing with Curved Back For Best Price online North Woods Collection 5 Log Swing and Frame For Save Big Classic Porch Swing, SLATTED, BLACK For Shopping Deals Vineyard 60 Swing Black Black 23.25 H x 60.5 W x 24 D to Big Deals Lifetime Glider Bench, Faux Wood Construction, # 60055 at Reduced Prices Tags Bench Compare Construction Glider Lifetime Prices Seater Powered by WordPress and Created for Wood Patio Swing | Patio Table Store http //woodpatioswing.patiotablestore.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com Web Toolbar by Wibiya')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01167', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Wood Patio Swing Outdoor Balau Three Seater Wooden Swing to Compare Great Prices New Grade A Teak Porch Garden 5 feet Swing Chair only & Sunbrella fabric cushions sold separately to Compare Great Prices Cedar Adirondack Chair Style Porch Swing Natural 32 H x 53 W x 26 D at cheapest prices Get information about Cedar Adirondack Chair Style Porch Swing Natural 32 H x 53 W x 26 D now. Buy Cedar Adirondack Chair Style Porch Swing Natural 32 H x 53 W x 26 D and get more hot bestseller on Cedar Adirondack Chair Style Porch Swing Natural 32 H x 53 W x 26 D . Customer buying Choice Cedar Adirondack Chair Style Porch Swing Natural 32 H x 53 W x 26 D . Quick! This promotion with limited time offer. Get Cedar Adirondack Chair Style Porch Swing Natural 32 H x 53 W x 26 D Now!. read more Cedar Adirondack Chair Style Porch Swing Natural 32 H x 53 W x 26 D description The Cedar Adirondack Chair Style Porch Swing brings the comfortable design of an Adirondack chair to your patio swing! This wood swing is constructed from western red cedar, which is selected for its weather and decay resistance. A high, double Adirondack chair back provides wonderful lumbar support Rounded and sanded edges will keep legs and hems safe without fear of snagging If left unstained / unsealed, the cedar will weather to a silver / gray patina look and will maintain a very smooth texture Zinc plated steel hardware ensures this set has a quality construction Includes zinc plated chains Proudly made in the United States Weight capacity 452 pounds Hanging hooks are not included Assembly level/degree of difficulty Easy. Made in America Price List $612.86 Check Compare Prices With Sellers Where to Buy Cheapest Prices Cedar Adirondack Chair Style Porch Swing Natural 32 H x 53 W x 26 D on Sale Color Natural Size 32 H x 53 W x 26 D Made in the USA Free Zinc Plated Chains Included A high, double Adirondack chair back provides wonderful lumbar support Halloween Deals For This Year. Do not miss Cedar Adirondack Chair Style Porch Swing Natural 32 H x 53 W x 26 D product. Decided to COL4 it now. The cheapest place I have seen this Cedar Adirondack Chair Style Porch Swing Natural 32 H x 53 W x 26 D is on Amazon. Click here find hot bestseller Cedar Adirondack Chair Style Porch Swing Natural 32 H x 53 W x 26 D now. Title 4 33 Relate keywords wood patio swing,wood patio furniture,wood porch swing,wood home depot,wood porch swing,wood yard swing,wood canopy swing,wood deck swing,wood outdoor swing,hardwood patio swing,teak patio swing,cedar patio swing,lumber patio swing,redwood patio swing,wood patio glider,wood patio play,wood patio latin,wood patio awt,wood patio song,wood home depot,wood french swing,wood garden swing,wood lowes,wood walmart Comments Comments are closed. Recent Posts New Grade A Teak Porch Garden 5 feet Swing Chair only & Sunbrella fabric cushions sold separately to Compare Great Prices Cedar Adirondack Chair Style Porch Swing Natural 32 H x 53 W x 26 D at cheapest prices Outdoor Balau Three Seater Wooden Swing to Compare Great Prices Two Seater Balau Swing with Curved Back For Best Price online North Woods Collection 5 Log Swing and Frame For Save Big Classic Porch Swing, SLATTED, BLACK For Shopping Deals Vineyard 60 Swing Black Black 23.25 H x 60.5 W x 24 D to Big Deals Lifetime Glider Bench, Faux Wood Construction, # 60055 at Reduced Prices Tags Bench Compare Construction Glider Lifetime Prices Seater Powered by WordPress and Created for Wood Patio Swing | Patio Table Store http //woodpatioswing.patiotablestore.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com Web Toolbar by Wibiya')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01168', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Wood Patio Swing Vineyard 60 Swing Black Black 23.25 H x 60.5 W x 24 D to Big Deals Lifetime Glider Bench, Faux Wood Construction, # 60055 at Reduced Prices Get research about Lifetime Glider Bench, Faux Wood Construction, # 60055 now. Order Lifetime Glider Bench, Faux Wood Construction, # 60055 and get more inexpensive price on Lifetime Glider Bench, Faux Wood Construction, # 60055. Customer buying Choice Lifetime Glider Bench, Faux Wood Construction, # 60055. Quick! This promotion with limited time offer. Get Lifetime Glider Bench, Faux Wood Construction, # 60055 Now!. read more Lifetime Glider Bench, Faux Wood Construction, # 60055 description Lifetime s outdoor benches provide the perfect seating space on a patio, deck, or porch. With UV-protected all-weather construction, our benches are rust resistant and will not fade, crack, chip or peel. They are specifically designed to be comfortable, low-maintenance, and durable. Lifetime Wood Alternative Glider Bench Features a 44-Inch weather-resistant, simulated wood bench and 48-Inch metalic brown powder-coated steel frame. A great 2 to 3 person bench with smooth gliding motion. Price List $240.00 Click Here to Order It Now While The Stocks Last Where to Discount Lifetime Glider Bench, Faux Wood Construction, # 60055 Deals Powder coated steel frame Synthetic all-weather wood slats Smooth gliding motion Weekend Deals For This Year. Do not miss Lifetime Glider Bench, Faux Wood Construction, # 60055 product. Decided to COL4 it online now. The cheapest place I have seen this Lifetime Glider Bench, Faux Wood Construction, # 60055 is on Amazon. Click here find inexpensive price Lifetime Glider Bench, Faux Wood Construction, # 60055 now. Title 4 38 Relate keywords wood patio swing,wood patio furniture,wood porch swing,wood home depot,wood porch swing,wood yard swing,wood canopy swing,wood deck swing,wood outdoor swing,hardwood patio swing,teak patio swing,cedar patio swing,lumber patio swing,redwood patio swing,wood patio glider,wood patio play,wood patio latin,wood patio awt,wood patio song,wood home depot,wood french swing,wood garden swing,wood lowes,wood walmart Comments Comments are closed. Recent Posts New Grade A Teak Porch Garden 5 feet Swing Chair only & Sunbrella fabric cushions sold separately to Compare Great Prices Cedar Adirondack Chair Style Porch Swing Natural 32 H x 53 W x 26 D at cheapest prices Outdoor Balau Three Seater Wooden Swing to Compare Great Prices Two Seater Balau Swing with Curved Back For Best Price online North Woods Collection 5 Log Swing and Frame For Save Big Classic Porch Swing, SLATTED, BLACK For Shopping Deals Vineyard 60 Swing Black Black 23.25 H x 60.5 W x 24 D to Big Deals Lifetime Glider Bench, Faux Wood Construction, # 60055 at Reduced Prices Tags Bench Compare Construction Glider Lifetime Prices Seater Powered by WordPress and Created for Wood Patio Swing | Patio Table Store http //woodpatioswing.patiotablestore.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com Web Toolbar by Wibiya')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01169', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Wood Patio Swing Cedar Adirondack Chair Style Porch Swing Natural 32 H x 53 W x 26 D at cheapest prices New Grade A Teak Porch Garden 5 feet Swing Chair only & Sunbrella fabric cushions sold separately to Compare Great Prices Get research about New Grade A Teak Porch Garden 5 feet Swing Chair only & Sunbrella fabric cushions sold separately now. Purchase New Grade A Teak Porch Garden 5 feet Swing Chair only & Sunbrella fabric cushions sold separately and get more bestseller on New Grade A Teak Porch Garden 5 feet Swing Chair only & Sunbrella fabric cushions sold separately . Customer buying Choice New Grade A Teak Porch Garden 5 feet Swing Chair only & Sunbrella fabric cushions sold separately . Quick! This promotion with limited time offer. Get New Grade A Teak Porch Garden 5 feet Swing Chair only & Sunbrella fabric cushions sold separately Now!. read more New Grade A Teak Porch Garden 5 feet Swing Chair only & Sunbrella fabric cushions sold separately description Metal Chain or Rope is not provided, you can buy these from local home improvement store. Constructed by hand of sustainably harvested premium grade Indonesian teak. Hard wearing and impervious to sun, rain, frost or snow. Weathers to teak s hallmark silver gray. Assembly Assembly is quick and simple. Price List Check Qualified Low Price Guarantee Where to Compare Prices And Save Big New Grade A Teak Porch Garden 5 feet Swing Chair only & Sunbrella fabric cushions sold separately Deals It can be hanged from ceilings up to 8 high or suspend from a tree limb. Swing can stay outdoors year around because it is built from weather resistant Premium Teak. Sunbrella fabric cushions are available in any color for additional 9 for Seat & 5 for Back. Approx. Dimensions 60 W x 25 D x 24 H This is brand new teak Swing Chair 100% teak sold at very low price. Holiday Deals For This Year. Do not miss New Grade A Teak Porch Garden 5 feet Swing Chair only & Sunbrella fabric cushions sold separately product. Decided to COL4 it online here. The cheapest place I have seen this New Grade A Teak Porch Garden 5 feet Swing Chair only & Sunbrella fabric cushions sold separately is on Amazon. Click here find bestseller New Grade A Teak Porch Garden 5 feet Swing Chair only & Sunbrella fabric cushions sold separately now. Title 4 39 Relate keywords wood patio swing,wood patio furniture,wood porch swing,wood home depot,wood porch swing,wood yard swing,wood canopy swing,wood deck swing,wood outdoor swing,hardwood patio swing,teak patio swing,cedar patio swing,lumber patio swing,redwood patio swing,wood patio glider,wood patio play,wood patio latin,wood patio awt,wood patio song,wood home depot,wood french swing,wood garden swing,wood lowes,wood walmart Comments Comments are closed. Recent Posts New Grade A Teak Porch Garden 5 feet Swing Chair only & Sunbrella fabric cushions sold separately to Compare Great Prices Cedar Adirondack Chair Style Porch Swing Natural 32 H x 53 W x 26 D at cheapest prices Outdoor Balau Three Seater Wooden Swing to Compare Great Prices Two Seater Balau Swing with Curved Back For Best Price online North Woods Collection 5 Log Swing and Frame For Save Big Classic Porch Swing, SLATTED, BLACK For Shopping Deals Vineyard 60 Swing Black Black 23.25 H x 60.5 W x 24 D to Big Deals Lifetime Glider Bench, Faux Wood Construction, # 60055 at Reduced Prices Tags Bench Compare Construction Glider Lifetime Prices Seater Powered by WordPress and Created for Wood Patio Swing | Patio Table Store http //woodpatioswing.patiotablestore.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com Web Toolbar by Wibiya')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01171', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> 70 S Men Clothing 70s Men Clothing See more 70 S Men Clothing Low prices + $0 Shipping read more for modern products click 70 S Men Clothing 70 S Men Clothing 1970s Gold Medallion Disco Necklace Best Buy 1970s Gold Medallion Disco Necklace Original Price $ 7.99 Check price now Read More Posted in 70 S Men Clothing at February 10th, 2012. No Comments . 70 S Men Clothing JUNK FOOD CLOTHING Men s Star Wars T-Shirt, Charcoal, Large Best Buy JUNK FOOD CLOTHING Men s Star Wars T-Shirt, Charcoal, Large Junk food clothing young mens short-sleeve, true-vintage, tri-blend crewneck featuring vintage star wars movie art Original Price $ 33.00 Check price now Read More Posted in 70 S Men Clothing at February 10th, 2012. No Comments . 70 S Men Clothing Disco 1970 Necklace Reviews Best Buy Disco 1970 Necklace If you have the fever you re going to need some Bling! This gold 1970 s medallion necklace will complement any 70 s costume. Original Price $ 3.99 Check price now Read More Posted in 70 S Men Clothing at February 10th, 2012. 1 Comment . 70 S Men Clothing Feathered 70 s Male Wig Brown Adult 70s Costume Accessory Best Buy Feathered 70 s Male Wig Brown Adult 70s Costume Accessory Oh, those days of Disco. Bring them back with this Feathered 70 s Wig and your 70 s style costume. Original Price $ 29.99 Check price now Read More Posted in 70 S Men Clothing at February 10th, 2012. 3 Comments . 70 S Men Clothing Men s Plaid Leisure Suit Costume, Plaid, One Size Best Buy Men s Plaid Leisure Suit Costume, Plaid, One Size It s Leisure at its best when you wear this lime plaid pants matching suit jacket with attached disco shirt front. Look to Forum Novelties for all your Halloween, Luau, Easter, Mardi Gras, and St. Patrick s Day supplies. Original Price $ 44.99 Check price now Read More Posted in 70 S Men Clothing at February 10th, 2012. No Comments . Recent Posts 70 S Men Clothing 1970s Gold Medallion Disco Necklace 70 S Men Clothing JUNK FOOD CLOTHING Men s Star Wars T-Shirt, Charcoal, Large 70 S Men Clothing Disco 1970 Necklace Reviews 70 S Men Clothing Feathered 70 s Male Wig Brown Adult 70s Costume Accessory 70 S Men Clothing Men s Plaid Leisure Suit Costume, Plaid, One Size Recent Comments C. Sayre 1 of 1 people found the following review helpful Perfect for 79 s party, November 5, 2010 By C.... J.M.V. "John" Vintage T shirts are the best kind of T shirts, September 12, 2010 By Devin Gustafson ... A. Pearson 39 of 47 people found the following review helpful A Disappointment, September 29, 2006 By A. Pearson... Anonymous Disappointed, December 27, 2011 By tlbell Amazon Verified Purchase What s this This... Tags 70\'s 1970 1970s Accessory Adult Brown Charcoal Clothing Costume Disco Feathered FOOD Gold JUNK Large Leisure Male Medallion Men\'s Necklace Plaid Reviews Size Star Suit TShirt Wars FEED | entries rss | comments rss | >top Copyright 2012. All Rights Reserved. Designed by 70s Men Clothing See more http //70smenclothing.bigwholesaleday.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01172', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> 70 S Men Clothing 70s Men Clothing See more 70 S Men Clothing Low prices + $0 Shipping read more for modern products click 70 S Men Clothing 70 S Men Clothing 1970s Gold Medallion Disco Necklace Best Buy 1970s Gold Medallion Disco Necklace Original Price $ 7.99 Check price now Buy Cheap 1970s Gold Medallion Disco Necklace List Price $ 7.99 LowPrice New $ 7.99 Low Price Update Here Product Descriptions [Read More Product Descriptions] Product Feature Includes one gold medallion necklace Makes a great costume accessory One size fits most [Read More Product Feature] Mens 70 s multi coloured satin effect rasta style design shirt by Magic by Freddys with ruff front and cuffs. Click here for costume www.fancydressball.co.uk Video Rating 0 / 5 Posted in 70 S Men Clothing by admin at February 10th, 2012. Tags 1970s , Clothing , Disco , Gold , Medallion , Necklace Click here to cancel reply. Leave a Reply Name required Email will not be published required Website Recent Posts 70 S Men Clothing 1970s Gold Medallion Disco Necklace 70 S Men Clothing JUNK FOOD CLOTHING Men s Star Wars T-Shirt, Charcoal, Large 70 S Men Clothing Disco 1970 Necklace Reviews 70 S Men Clothing Feathered 70 s Male Wig Brown Adult 70s Costume Accessory 70 S Men Clothing Men s Plaid Leisure Suit Costume, Plaid, One Size Recent Comments C. Sayre 1 of 1 people found the following review helpful Perfect for 79 s party, November 5, 2010 By C.... J.M.V. "John" Vintage T shirts are the best kind of T shirts, September 12, 2010 By Devin Gustafson ... A. Pearson 39 of 47 people found the following review helpful A Disappointment, September 29, 2006 By A. Pearson... Anonymous Disappointed, December 27, 2011 By tlbell Amazon Verified Purchase What s this This... Tags 70\'s 1970 1970s Accessory Adult Brown Charcoal Clothing Costume Disco Feathered FOOD Gold JUNK Large Leisure Male Medallion Men\'s Necklace Plaid Reviews Size Star Suit TShirt Wars FEED | entries rss | comments rss | >top Copyright 2012. All Rights Reserved. Designed by 70s Men Clothing See more http //70smenclothing.bigwholesaleday.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01173', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> 70 S Men Clothing 70s Men Clothing See more 70 S Men Clothing Low prices + $0 Shipping read more for modern products click 70 S Men Clothing 70 S Men Clothing Disco 1970 Necklace Reviews Best Buy Disco 1970 Necklace If you have the fever you re going to need some Bling! This gold 1970 s medallion necklace will complement any 70 s costume. Original Price $ 3.99 Check price now Buy Cheap Disco 1970 Necklace List Price $ 3.99 LowPrice New $ 2.33 Low Price Update Here Product Descriptions If you have the fever you re going to need some Bling! This gold 1970 s medallion necklace will complement any 70 s costume. [Read More Product Descriptions] Product Feature Includes 1970s Pendant w/Necklace Standard [Read More Product Feature] DTUnderwear The Original VAC-PAC Undies. DT is an Australian underwear label established in June 2003. DT Underwear created a fashion frenzy upon releasing their ground-breaking men s underwear range. A mix of retro style low-rise briefs, jock straps, boxers, tees and tanks, DT brings fun, fashion and comfort to the realm of men s underwear. Retaining elements of groovy 60s and 70s simplicity, DT designs are made from premium quality fabrics, they re as comfortable as they are cool. DT Underwear retails from AUD .50 AUD .75. Buy online at www.dt-underwear.com Posted in 70 S Men Clothing by admin at February 10th, 2012. Tags 1970 , Clothing , Disco , Necklace , Reviews One Response to 70 S Men Clothing Disco 1970 Necklace Reviews C. Sayre says February 10, 2012 at 5 27 pm 1 of 1 people found the following review helpful Perfect for 79 s party , November 5, 2010 By C. Sayre Spencer, NY USA Amazon Verified Purchase What s this This worked well with my husbands 70 s costume. The only complaint was that the string was way to long on the necklace and we had to put a knot in it to make it hang right. Help other customers find the most helpful reviews Was this review helpful to you | Comment Reply Click here to cancel reply. Leave a Reply Name required Email will not be published required Website Recent Posts 70 S Men Clothing 1970s Gold Medallion Disco Necklace 70 S Men Clothing JUNK FOOD CLOTHING Men s Star Wars T-Shirt, Charcoal, Large 70 S Men Clothing Disco 1970 Necklace Reviews 70 S Men Clothing Feathered 70 s Male Wig Brown Adult 70s Costume Accessory 70 S Men Clothing Men s Plaid Leisure Suit Costume, Plaid, One Size Recent Comments C. Sayre 1 of 1 people found the following review helpful Perfect for 79 s party, November 5, 2010 By C.... J.M.V. "John" Vintage T shirts are the best kind of T shirts, September 12, 2010 By Devin Gustafson ... A. Pearson 39 of 47 people found the following review helpful A Disappointment, September 29, 2006 By A. Pearson... Anonymous Disappointed, December 27, 2011 By tlbell Amazon Verified Purchase What s this This... Tags 70\'s 1970 1970s Accessory Adult Brown Charcoal Clothing Costume Disco Feathered FOOD Gold JUNK Large Leisure Male Medallion Men\'s Necklace Plaid Reviews Size Star Suit TShirt Wars FEED | entries rss | comments rss | >top Copyright 2012. All Rights Reserved. Designed by 70s Men Clothing See more http //70smenclothing.bigwholesaleday.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01174', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> 70 S Men Clothing 70s Men Clothing See more 70 S Men Clothing Low prices + $0 Shipping read more for modern products click 70 S Men Clothing 70 S Men Clothing Feathered 70 s Male Wig Brown Adult 70s Costume Accessory Best Buy Feathered 70 s Male Wig Brown Adult 70s Costume Accessory Oh, those days of Disco. Bring them back with this Feathered 70 s Wig and your 70 s style costume. Original Price $ 29.99 Check price now Buy Cheap Feathered 70 s Male Wig Brown Adult 70s Costume Accessory List Price $ 29.99 LowPrice New $ 15.50 Low Price Update Here Product Descriptions Oh, those days of Disco. Bring them back with this Feathered 70 s Wig and your 70 s style costume. [Read More Product Descriptions] Product Feature One Size Fits Most Adults [Read More Product Feature] Best Buy Vintage T-Shirts MORE THAN 500 AUTHENTIC TEES FROM THE 70S AND 80S Vintage T-Shirts is a phenomenal celebration of the ever-popular t-shirt, which brings together old favorites from the 1970s and 1980s. With more than 500 uncommon examples, this book documents history by examining this ubiquitous and affordable article of clothing. With full color photographs throughout, Vintage T-Shirts is a must have for t-shirt collectors, fashion buffs, and pop culture junkies alike. Original Price $ 19.95 Check price now Buy Cheap Vintage T-Shirts MORE THAN 500 AUTHENTIC TEES FROM THE 70S AND 80S List Price $ 19.95 LowPrice New $ 11.31 Low Price Update Here Product Descriptions Vintage T-Shirts is a phenomenal celebration of the ever-popular t-shirt, which brings together old favorites from the 1970s and 1980s. With more than 500 uncommon examples, this book documents history by examining this ubiquitous and affordable article of clothing. With full color photographs throughout, Vintage T-Shirts is a must have for t-shirt collectors, fashion buffs, and pop culture junkies alike. [Read More Product Descriptions] Product Feature [Read More Product Feature] ITEM SPECIFICS Brand Down by Schott NYC Made In USA Size Technically a Youth 14 Large / Mens Extra Small XS / Women s Small S Style Hippie / Boho / Biker / Hunting / Western Yoke / Shearling Collar / Leather Vest / Skinny fit indie or japanese fashion Color Caramel Rust Brown Tan Material Leather front / Nylon back and lining / Goose down fill Features Talon zipper under snap closure / Western front cut / Caramel colored soft leather with nice patina / Fluffy large shearling collar / Four branded Schott snaps / Two tiny slit pockets with two vertical deep hand pockets / Interesting leather stitching around pockets / V-stitch puffer style on back with leather western yoke / Leather loop on side for ski tag, etc Condition In extremely good, used, vintage condition / No holes, tears, stains, rips, or odors / Leather is of high quality with gorgeous marbling and patina wear / Shearling is fluffy and thick / Goose down is fill full, even, and fluffy / Zipper and snaps work well RARE ITEM IN FAB VINTAGE CONDITION! MEASUREMENTS Shoulders 15 inches Chest 40 inches 38 to leave room for clothing Waist 34 inches 32 etc.. Length 19 inches Sleeves opening 9 inches Video Rating 0 / 5 www.realmenrealstyle.com Click this link for a FREE 47 page eBook on men s style and fashion. www.realmenrealstyle.com Slim Fitting Men s Dress Shirt Review Austin s 5th & Lamar Slim Fit Shirts Video Rating 4 / 5 Find More 70 S Men Clothing Products Posted in 70 S Men Clothing by admin at February 10th, 2012. Tags 70\'s , Accessory , Adult , Brown , Clothing , Costume , Feathered , Male 3 Responses to 70 S Men Clothing Feathered 70 s Male Wig Brown Adult 70s Costume Accessory Anonymous says February 10, 2012 at 4 39 pm Disappointed , December 27, 2011 By tlbell Amazon Verified Purchase What s this This review is from Feathered 70 s Male Wig Brown Adult 70s Costume Accessory Apparel Wig didn t look anything like photo. It was very short and frizzy. It was money lost because you can t return wigs. I feel the company should be held accountable for misrepresentation. Oh well, lesson learned. I will not order anymore wigs from that supplier. Help other customers find the most helpful reviews Was this review helpful to you | Comment Reply A. Pearson says February 10, 2012 at 4 47 pm 39 of 47 people found the following review helpful A Disappointment , September 29, 2006 By A. Pearson Brooklyn This review is from Vintage T-Shirts MORE THAN 500 AUTHENTIC TEES FROM THE 70S AND 80S Paperback I bought this book sight unseen off Amazon and was immediately disappointed as soon as I opened the cover. I was hoping for a collection of cool designs that would inspire me for my graphic design work. Maybe one third of the designs are quality at best the rest are very mediocre. One page has six variations of the same Mickey Mouse T-shirt with different text. WTF! There is a T-shirt with the original M TV logo, one with a Pepsi logo, you get the idea. The book is more of a historical catalog than anything else. The book also has several interviews with losers who collect T s and have hundreds of them and who provided the shirts featured in the book. Who cares, not me! Help other customers find the most helpful reviews Was this review helpful to you | Comments 3 Reply J.M.V. "John" says February 10, 2012 at 5 21 pm Vintage T shirts are the best kind of T shirts , September 12, 2010 By Devin Gustafson Amazon Verified Purchase What s this This review is from Vintage T-Shirts MORE THAN 500 AUTHENTIC TEES FROM THE 70S AND 80S Paperback I bought this book as a form of research since I currently work at a screen printing shop in town and it did not disappoint. Getting to see these old shirts separated by genre was a great way to get some new ideas for designs. Help other customers find the most helpful reviews Was this review helpful to you | Comment Reply Click here to cancel reply. Leave a Reply Name required Email will not be published required Website Recent Posts 70 S Men Clothing 1970s Gold Medallion Disco Necklace 70 S Men Clothing JUNK FOOD CLOTHING Men s Star Wars T-Shirt, Charcoal, Large 70 S Men Clothing Disco 1970 Necklace Reviews 70 S Men Clothing Feathered 70 s Male Wig Brown Adult 70s Costume Accessory 70 S Men Clothing Men s Plaid Leisure Suit Costume, Plaid, One Size Recent Comments C. Sayre 1 of 1 people found the following review helpful Perfect for 79 s party, November 5, 2010 By C.... J.M.V. "John" Vintage T shirts are the best kind of T shirts, September 12, 2010 By Devin Gustafson ... A. Pearson 39 of 47 people found the following review helpful A Disappointment, September 29, 2006 By A. Pearson... Anonymous Disappointed, December 27, 2011 By tlbell Amazon Verified Purchase What s this This... Tags 70\'s 1970 1970s Accessory Adult Brown Charcoal Clothing Costume Disco Feathered FOOD Gold JUNK Large Leisure Male Medallion Men\'s Necklace Plaid Reviews Size Star Suit TShirt Wars FEED | entries rss | comments rss | >top Copyright 2012. All Rights Reserved. Designed by 70s Men Clothing See more http //70smenclothing.bigwholesaleday.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01175', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> 70 S Men Clothing 70s Men Clothing See more 70 S Men Clothing Low prices + $0 Shipping read more for modern products click 70 S Men Clothing 70 S Men Clothing JUNK FOOD CLOTHING Men s Star Wars T-Shirt, Charcoal, Large Best Buy JUNK FOOD CLOTHING Men s Star Wars T-Shirt, Charcoal, Large Junk food clothing young mens short-sleeve, true-vintage, tri-blend crewneck featuring vintage star wars movie art Original Price $ 33.00 Check price now Buy Cheap JUNK FOOD CLOTHING Men s Star Wars T-Shirt, Charcoal, Large List Price $ 33.00 LowPrice New $ 29.99 Low Price Update Here Product Descriptions Junk food clothing young mens short-sleeve, true-vintage, tri-blend crewneck featuring vintage star wars movie art [Read More Product Descriptions] Product Feature True vintage star wars t-shirt Soft, tri-blend fabrication [Read More Product Feature] Hi Everyone! I hope you all are doing well Today s outfit is a casual classic with a twist . The color scheme is red, white and blue but I mixed texture and pattern to create a fresh look. My vintage men s blazer is from a thrift store. I m guessing it s from the 70s. The striped shirt is from Lane Bryant. The straight leg jeans are from Lane Bryant. The red wedges are from Marks & Spencers. I hope you enjoyed my outfit of the day! Thanks for watching! If you want to know more about me please check out any of the links below! Beauty Youtube www.youtube.com/newpollutiondesigns www.newpollutiondesigns.etsy.com http twitter www.twitter.com hat blog www.newpollutiondesigns.blogspot.com fashion blog www.elisaloves.blogspot.com Happy Fashions, Elisa L Amour New Pollution Designs Video Rating 4 / 5 More 70 S Men Clothing Products Posted in 70 S Men Clothing by admin at February 10th, 2012. Tags Charcoal , Clothing , FOOD , JUNK , Large , Men\'s , Star , TShirt , Wars Click here to cancel reply. Leave a Reply Name required Email will not be published required Website Recent Posts 70 S Men Clothing 1970s Gold Medallion Disco Necklace 70 S Men Clothing JUNK FOOD CLOTHING Men s Star Wars T-Shirt, Charcoal, Large 70 S Men Clothing Disco 1970 Necklace Reviews 70 S Men Clothing Feathered 70 s Male Wig Brown Adult 70s Costume Accessory 70 S Men Clothing Men s Plaid Leisure Suit Costume, Plaid, One Size Recent Comments C. Sayre 1 of 1 people found the following review helpful Perfect for 79 s party, November 5, 2010 By C.... J.M.V. "John" Vintage T shirts are the best kind of T shirts, September 12, 2010 By Devin Gustafson ... A. Pearson 39 of 47 people found the following review helpful A Disappointment, September 29, 2006 By A. Pearson... Anonymous Disappointed, December 27, 2011 By tlbell Amazon Verified Purchase What s this This... Tags 70\'s 1970 1970s Accessory Adult Brown Charcoal Clothing Costume Disco Feathered FOOD Gold JUNK Large Leisure Male Medallion Men\'s Necklace Plaid Reviews Size Star Suit TShirt Wars FEED | entries rss | comments rss | >top Copyright 2012. All Rights Reserved. Designed by 70s Men Clothing See more http //70smenclothing.bigwholesaleday.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01176', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> 70 S Men Clothing 70s Men Clothing See more 70 S Men Clothing Low prices + $0 Shipping read more for modern products click 70 S Men Clothing 70 S Men Clothing Men s Plaid Leisure Suit Costume, Plaid, One Size Best Buy Men s Plaid Leisure Suit Costume, Plaid, One Size It s Leisure at its best when you wear this lime plaid pants matching suit jacket with attached disco shirt front. Look to Forum Novelties for all your Halloween, Luau, Easter, Mardi Gras, and St. Patrick s Day supplies. Original Price $ 44.99 Check price now Buy Cheap Men s Plaid Leisure Suit Costume, Plaid, One Size List Price $ 44.99 LowPrice New $ 33.95 Low Price Update Here Product Descriptions It s Leisure at its best when you wear this lime plaid pants matching suit jacket with attached disco shirt front. Look to Forum Novelties for all your Halloween, Luau, Easter, Mardi Gras, and St. Patrick s Day supplies. [Read More Product Descriptions] Product Feature Lime plaid pants and leisure suit jacket with attached disco shirt front and matching sleeve ends You re sure to get all the chicks in this get-up One size fits most teens and adults teens and adults Hand wash, hang to dry Look to Forum Novelties for all your Halloween, Luau, Easter, Mardi Gras, and St Patrick s Day supplies [Read More Product Feature] Visit kasifoundthis.etsy.com for more vintage clothes Video Rating 0 / 5 More 70 S Men Clothing Products Posted in 70 S Men Clothing by admin at February 10th, 2012. Tags Clothing , Costume , Leisure , Men\'s , Plaid , Size , Suit Click here to cancel reply. Leave a Reply Name required Email will not be published required Website Recent Posts 70 S Men Clothing 1970s Gold Medallion Disco Necklace 70 S Men Clothing JUNK FOOD CLOTHING Men s Star Wars T-Shirt, Charcoal, Large 70 S Men Clothing Disco 1970 Necklace Reviews 70 S Men Clothing Feathered 70 s Male Wig Brown Adult 70s Costume Accessory 70 S Men Clothing Men s Plaid Leisure Suit Costume, Plaid, One Size Recent Comments C. Sayre 1 of 1 people found the following review helpful Perfect for 79 s party, November 5, 2010 By C.... J.M.V. "John" Vintage T shirts are the best kind of T shirts, September 12, 2010 By Devin Gustafson ... A. Pearson 39 of 47 people found the following review helpful A Disappointment, September 29, 2006 By A. Pearson... Anonymous Disappointed, December 27, 2011 By tlbell Amazon Verified Purchase What s this This... Tags 70\'s 1970 1970s Accessory Adult Brown Charcoal Clothing Costume Disco Feathered FOOD Gold JUNK Large Leisure Male Medallion Men\'s Necklace Plaid Reviews Size Star Suit TShirt Wars FEED | entries rss | comments rss | >top Copyright 2012. All Rights Reserved. Designed by 70s Men Clothing See more http //70smenclothing.bigwholesaleday.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01178', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> 70s Mens Clothes 70 S Mens Clothes Get cheap price now 70s Mens Clothes find low prices on products, fast shipping and easy returns buy now & Save your money 70s Mens Clothes 70s Mens Clothes Feathered 70 s Male Wig Brown Adult 70s Costume Accessory Best Buy Feathered 70 s Male Wig Brown Adult 70s Costume Accessory Oh, those days of Disco. Bring them back with this Feathered 70 s Wig and your 70 s style costume. Original Price $ 29.99 Check price now Read More Posted in 70s Mens Clothes at February 10th, 2012. 1 Comment . 70s Mens Clothes Disco 1970 Necklace Best Buy Disco 1970 Necklace If you have the fever you re going to need some Bling! This gold 1970 s medallion necklace will complement any 70 s costume. Original Price $ 3.99 Check price now Read More Posted in 70s Mens Clothes at February 10th, 2012. 1 Comment . 70s Mens Clothes 70s Disco Fever Medallion Best Buy 70s Disco Fever Medallion .x color #83C22D;margin 0px;font-size 12px .y color #A56EBA 70S DISCO FEVER MEDALLION70s Disco Costume Accessories Item #JEWL32-NO In stock, ready to ship!This is a BRAND NEW Accessory in its original packaging.This Disco Fever Medallion features the round pendant. We DO combine shipping! So you will save money on shipping for each additional item you purchase. Original Price $ 5.99 Check price now Read More Posted in 70s Mens Clothes at February 10th, 2012. No Comments . 70s Mens Clothes Men s 70 s Adult Star Costume Wig Reviews Best Buy Men s 70 s Adult Star Costume Wig Original Price $ 14.99 Check price now Read More Posted in 70s Mens Clothes at February 10th, 2012. 3 Comments . 70s Mens Clothes Jumbo Hippie Brown Afro Wig Best Buy Jumbo Hippie Brown Afro Wig Includes wig. Does not include costume or sunglasses. Original Price $ 19.90 Check price now Read More Posted in 70s Mens Clothes at February 10th, 2012. 1 Comment . Recent Posts 70s Mens Clothes Feathered 70 s Male Wig Brown Adult 70s Costume Accessory 70s Mens Clothes Disco 1970 Necklace 70s Mens Clothes 70s Disco Fever Medallion 70s Mens Clothes Men s 70 s Adult Star Costume Wig Reviews 70s Mens Clothes Jumbo Hippie Brown Afro Wig Recent Comments T. Yeager 5 of 5 people found the following review helpful a decent wig, October 5, 2011 By T. Yeager Norton, KS ... C. Sayre 1 of 1 people found the following review helpful Perfect for 79 s party, November 5, 2010 By C.... Anonymous Disappointed, December 27, 2011 By tlbell Amazon Verified Purchase What s this This... Denise Shanks 34 of 37 people found the following review helpful This wig made me GAY!, October 7, 2010 By Denise... Talbot Reiber 1 of 3 people found the following review helpful AFRO s are good for MANKIND., December 13,... Tags 70\'s 1970 Accessory Adult Afro Brown Clothes Costume Disco Feathered Fever Hippie Jumbo Male Medallion Mens Necklace Reviews Star FEED | entries rss | comments rss | >top Copyright 2012. All Rights Reserved. Designed by 70 S Mens Clothes Get cheap price now http //70smensclothes.bigwholesaleday.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01179', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> 70s Mens Clothes 70 S Mens Clothes Get cheap price now 70s Mens Clothes find low prices on products, fast shipping and easy returns buy now & Save your money 70s Mens Clothes 70s Mens Clothes 70s Disco Fever Medallion Best Buy 70s Disco Fever Medallion .x color #83C22D;margin 0px;font-size 12px .y color #A56EBA 70S DISCO FEVER MEDALLION70s Disco Costume Accessories Item #JEWL32-NO In stock, ready to ship!This is a BRAND NEW Accessory in its original packaging.This Disco Fever Medallion features the round pendant. We DO combine shipping! So you will save money on shipping for each additional item you purchase. Original Price $ 5.99 Check price now Buy Cheap 70s Disco Fever Medallion List Price $ 5.99 LowPrice New $ 3.28 Low Price Update Here Product Descriptions .x color #83C22D;margin 0px;font-size 12px .y color #A56EBA 70S DISCO FEVER MEDALLION70s Disco Costume Accessories Item #JEWL32-NO In stock, ready to ship!This is a BRAND NEW Accessory in its original packaging.This Disco Fever Medallion features the round pendant. We DO combine shipping! So you will save money on shipping for each additional item you purchase. [Read More Product Descriptions] Product Feature [Read More Product Feature] Shop online at www.amrag.com American Rag Presents What Is Vintage Clothing Remember when you were a kid and the anti-fashion fashions of Kurt Cobain, Kim Gordon & and that guy from that band that sang that song about tangerines sent everyone out in droves to the local Goodwills Trolling through mounds of other peoples grandmothers clothes in hopes to find that one perfectly imperfect score. Ah, those were the days, but you have a job now maybe and there s no time for that. Not to fear, we ve done the dirty work for you. Nothing but scores in our huge Vintage sections. Put your hand sanitizer away and get your vintage on. video produced by tvkevin productions www.tvkevin.com American Rag Presents What Is Vintage Clothing Posted in 70s Mens Clothes by admin at February 10th, 2012. Tags Clothes , Disco , Fever , Medallion , Mens Click here to cancel reply. Leave a Reply Name required Email will not be published required Website Recent Posts 70s Mens Clothes Feathered 70 s Male Wig Brown Adult 70s Costume Accessory 70s Mens Clothes Disco 1970 Necklace 70s Mens Clothes 70s Disco Fever Medallion 70s Mens Clothes Men s 70 s Adult Star Costume Wig Reviews 70s Mens Clothes Jumbo Hippie Brown Afro Wig Recent Comments T. Yeager 5 of 5 people found the following review helpful a decent wig, October 5, 2011 By T. Yeager Norton, KS ... C. Sayre 1 of 1 people found the following review helpful Perfect for 79 s party, November 5, 2010 By C.... Anonymous Disappointed, December 27, 2011 By tlbell Amazon Verified Purchase What s this This... Denise Shanks 34 of 37 people found the following review helpful This wig made me GAY!, October 7, 2010 By Denise... Talbot Reiber 1 of 3 people found the following review helpful AFRO s are good for MANKIND., December 13,... Tags 70\'s 1970 Accessory Adult Afro Brown Clothes Costume Disco Feathered Fever Hippie Jumbo Male Medallion Mens Necklace Reviews Star FEED | entries rss | comments rss | >top Copyright 2012. All Rights Reserved. Designed by 70 S Mens Clothes Get cheap price now http //70smensclothes.bigwholesaleday.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01180', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> 70s Mens Clothes 70 S Mens Clothes Get cheap price now 70s Mens Clothes find low prices on products, fast shipping and easy returns buy now & Save your money 70s Mens Clothes 70s Mens Clothes Disco 1970 Necklace Best Buy Disco 1970 Necklace If you have the fever you re going to need some Bling! This gold 1970 s medallion necklace will complement any 70 s costume. Original Price $ 3.99 Check price now Buy Cheap Disco 1970 Necklace List Price $ 3.99 LowPrice New $ 2.33 Low Price Update Here Product Descriptions If you have the fever you re going to need some Bling! This gold 1970 s medallion necklace will complement any 70 s costume. [Read More Product Descriptions] Product Feature Includes 1970s Pendant w/Necklace Standard [Read More Product Feature] mensdiscocostume.net Dress like in the 1970s, 1960s disco era! Halloween Costumes, Adult, Kids and Plus Size. Seventies Rocks! Satin effect deluxe 70s red coloured shirt with ruff front and wrist bands by Magic by Freddys. Why not add to our range of trousers or suits to complete that authentic 70 s look. Click here for costume www.fancydressball.co.uk Video Rating 5 / 5 Posted in 70s Mens Clothes by admin at February 10th, 2012. Tags 1970 , Clothes , Disco , Mens , Necklace One Response to 70s Mens Clothes Disco 1970 Necklace C. Sayre says February 10, 2012 at 5 27 pm 1 of 1 people found the following review helpful Perfect for 79 s party , November 5, 2010 By C. Sayre Spencer, NY USA Amazon Verified Purchase What s this This worked well with my husbands 70 s costume. The only complaint was that the string was way to long on the necklace and we had to put a knot in it to make it hang right. Help other customers find the most helpful reviews Was this review helpful to you | Comment Reply Click here to cancel reply. Leave a Reply Name required Email will not be published required Website Recent Posts 70s Mens Clothes Feathered 70 s Male Wig Brown Adult 70s Costume Accessory 70s Mens Clothes Disco 1970 Necklace 70s Mens Clothes 70s Disco Fever Medallion 70s Mens Clothes Men s 70 s Adult Star Costume Wig Reviews 70s Mens Clothes Jumbo Hippie Brown Afro Wig Recent Comments T. Yeager 5 of 5 people found the following review helpful a decent wig, October 5, 2011 By T. Yeager Norton, KS ... C. Sayre 1 of 1 people found the following review helpful Perfect for 79 s party, November 5, 2010 By C.... Anonymous Disappointed, December 27, 2011 By tlbell Amazon Verified Purchase What s this This... Denise Shanks 34 of 37 people found the following review helpful This wig made me GAY!, October 7, 2010 By Denise... Talbot Reiber 1 of 3 people found the following review helpful AFRO s are good for MANKIND., December 13,... Tags 70\'s 1970 Accessory Adult Afro Brown Clothes Costume Disco Feathered Fever Hippie Jumbo Male Medallion Mens Necklace Reviews Star FEED | entries rss | comments rss | >top Copyright 2012. All Rights Reserved. Designed by 70 S Mens Clothes Get cheap price now http //70smensclothes.bigwholesaleday.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01181', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> 70s Mens Clothes 70 S Mens Clothes Get cheap price now 70s Mens Clothes find low prices on products, fast shipping and easy returns buy now & Save your money 70s Mens Clothes 70s Mens Clothes Feathered 70 s Male Wig Brown Adult 70s Costume Accessory Best Buy Feathered 70 s Male Wig Brown Adult 70s Costume Accessory Oh, those days of Disco. Bring them back with this Feathered 70 s Wig and your 70 s style costume. Original Price $ 29.99 Check price now Buy Cheap Feathered 70 s Male Wig Brown Adult 70s Costume Accessory List Price $ 29.99 LowPrice New $ 15.50 Low Price Update Here Product Descriptions Oh, those days of Disco. Bring them back with this Feathered 70 s Wig and your 70 s style costume. [Read More Product Descriptions] Product Feature One Size Fits Most Adults [Read More Product Feature] Early 70 s ad for Melbourne clothing store Wardrops, showcasing some truly dreadful clothing! Setting is St. Kilda s iconic Luna Park. And what the hell is the photographer wearing on his head It can t be hair Jingle is an early effort by Mike Brady. Related 70s Mens Clothes Products Posted in 70s Mens Clothes by admin at February 10th, 2012. Tags 70\'s , Accessory , Adult , Brown , Clothes , Costume , Feathered , Male , Mens One Response to 70s Mens Clothes Feathered 70 s Male Wig Brown Adult 70s Costume Accessory Anonymous says February 10, 2012 at 5 19 pm Disappointed , December 27, 2011 By tlbell Amazon Verified Purchase What s this This review is from Feathered 70 s Male Wig Brown Adult 70s Costume Accessory Apparel Wig didn t look anything like photo. It was very short and frizzy. It was money lost because you can t return wigs. I feel the company should be held accountable for misrepresentation. Oh well, lesson learned. I will not order anymore wigs from that supplier. Help other customers find the most helpful reviews Was this review helpful to you | Comment Reply Click here to cancel reply. Leave a Reply Name required Email will not be published required Website Recent Posts 70s Mens Clothes Feathered 70 s Male Wig Brown Adult 70s Costume Accessory 70s Mens Clothes Disco 1970 Necklace 70s Mens Clothes 70s Disco Fever Medallion 70s Mens Clothes Men s 70 s Adult Star Costume Wig Reviews 70s Mens Clothes Jumbo Hippie Brown Afro Wig Recent Comments T. Yeager 5 of 5 people found the following review helpful a decent wig, October 5, 2011 By T. Yeager Norton, KS ... C. Sayre 1 of 1 people found the following review helpful Perfect for 79 s party, November 5, 2010 By C.... Anonymous Disappointed, December 27, 2011 By tlbell Amazon Verified Purchase What s this This... Denise Shanks 34 of 37 people found the following review helpful This wig made me GAY!, October 7, 2010 By Denise... Talbot Reiber 1 of 3 people found the following review helpful AFRO s are good for MANKIND., December 13,... Tags 70\'s 1970 Accessory Adult Afro Brown Clothes Costume Disco Feathered Fever Hippie Jumbo Male Medallion Mens Necklace Reviews Star FEED | entries rss | comments rss | >top Copyright 2012. All Rights Reserved. Designed by 70 S Mens Clothes Get cheap price now http //70smensclothes.bigwholesaleday.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01182', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> 70s Mens Clothes 70 S Mens Clothes Get cheap price now 70s Mens Clothes find low prices on products, fast shipping and easy returns buy now & Save your money 70s Mens Clothes 70s Mens Clothes Jumbo Hippie Brown Afro Wig Best Buy Jumbo Hippie Brown Afro Wig Includes wig. Does not include costume or sunglasses. Original Price $ 19.90 Check price now Buy Cheap Jumbo Hippie Brown Afro Wig List Price $ 19.90 LowPrice New $ 6.65 Low Price Update Here Product Descriptions Includes wig. Does not include costume or sunglasses. [Read More Product Descriptions] Product Feature One-Size [Read More Product Feature] Mens Vintage Suits, Vintage Clothing and Vintage Accessories from all eras .. 1920s-1980s. www.tweedmandvintage.co.uk . FREE UK P&P Highest Quality vintage menswear online .. GUARARNTEED . Over 150 mens Harris Tweed Jackets Modern & Classic Vintage. Video Rating 5 / 5 Related 70s Mens Clothes Products Posted in 70s Mens Clothes by admin at February 10th, 2012. Tags Afro , Brown , Clothes , Hippie , Jumbo , Mens One Response to 70s Mens Clothes Jumbo Hippie Brown Afro Wig Talbot Reiber says February 10, 2012 at 4 58 pm 1 of 3 people found the following review helpful AFRO s are good for MANKIND. , December 13, 2011 By Talbot Reiber New Wilmington, PA Amazon Verified Purchase What s this This review is from Jumbo Afro Adult Wig If you do not own at least ONE AFRO, you are selling yourself short. Sure maybe I have more than one because I am bald, but we aren t talking about me here. Haha ..get one, do it. Help other customers find the most helpful reviews Was this review helpful to you | Comment Reply Click here to cancel reply. Leave a Reply Name required Email will not be published required Website Recent Posts 70s Mens Clothes Feathered 70 s Male Wig Brown Adult 70s Costume Accessory 70s Mens Clothes Disco 1970 Necklace 70s Mens Clothes 70s Disco Fever Medallion 70s Mens Clothes Men s 70 s Adult Star Costume Wig Reviews 70s Mens Clothes Jumbo Hippie Brown Afro Wig Recent Comments T. Yeager 5 of 5 people found the following review helpful a decent wig, October 5, 2011 By T. Yeager Norton, KS ... C. Sayre 1 of 1 people found the following review helpful Perfect for 79 s party, November 5, 2010 By C.... Anonymous Disappointed, December 27, 2011 By tlbell Amazon Verified Purchase What s this This... Denise Shanks 34 of 37 people found the following review helpful This wig made me GAY!, October 7, 2010 By Denise... Talbot Reiber 1 of 3 people found the following review helpful AFRO s are good for MANKIND., December 13,... Tags 70\'s 1970 Accessory Adult Afro Brown Clothes Costume Disco Feathered Fever Hippie Jumbo Male Medallion Mens Necklace Reviews Star FEED | entries rss | comments rss | >top Copyright 2012. All Rights Reserved. Designed by 70 S Mens Clothes Get cheap price now http //70smensclothes.bigwholesaleday.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01183', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> 70s Mens Clothes 70 S Mens Clothes Get cheap price now 70s Mens Clothes find low prices on products, fast shipping and easy returns buy now & Save your money 70s Mens Clothes 70s Mens Clothes Men s 70 s Adult Star Costume Wig Reviews Best Buy Men s 70 s Adult Star Costume Wig Original Price $ 14.99 Check price now Buy Cheap Men s 70 s Adult Star Costume Wig List Price $ 14.99 LowPrice New $ 14.99 Low Price Update Here Product Descriptions [Read More Product Descriptions] Product Feature Makes a great combination for your halloween costume One size fits all [Read More Product Feature] Amazingly 70s clothes advert for ICI Fibres new range of outfits. A truly stunning and surreal advert. Posted in 70s Mens Clothes by admin at February 10th, 2012. Tags 70\'s , Adult , Clothes , Costume , Mens , Reviews , Star 3 Responses to 70s Mens Clothes Men s 70 s Adult Star Costume Wig Reviews Jesse Harold says February 10, 2012 at 4 42 pm 35 of 36 people found the following review helpful Perfection , October 9, 2010 By Jesse Harold New York, NY USA This review is from Men s 70 s Adult Star Costume Wig Apparel This item is not just for Halloween. This cute little number is my go-to wig for any time I want to be gay for a night. I got the disco shades and smooth fake mustache, too. The whole ensemble is highly recommended. It makes me feel so liberated! And the best part is, I can take it off in the morning, and it s like nothing ever happened. Nothing, you hear me Help other customers find the most helpful reviews Was this review helpful to you | Comment 1 Reply Denise Shanks says February 10, 2012 at 5 08 pm 34 of 37 people found the following review helpful This wig made me GAY! , October 7, 2010 By Denise Shanks New York, NY This review is from Men s 70 s Adult Star Costume Wig Apparel I don t know how this wig did it, but it s synthetic hair has miraculous powers. All my life, I ve wanted nothing more than to be Gay. But sadly, I was born straight. Why was life so cruel, I often wondered as I cried myself to sleep. Then I saw this gay wig and thought, why not I put on this wig and suddenly all I can think is gay, gay, gay. I m wearing rainbow flags and I ve learned all the words to Cabaret in a week. Now, my dream has finally come true! Thank you! You saved my life! Help other customers find the most helpful reviews Was this review helpful to you | Comment Reply T. Yeager says February 10, 2012 at 5 41 pm 5 of 5 people found the following review helpful a decent wig , October 5, 2011 By T. Yeager Norton, KS Amazon Verified Purchase What s this This review is from Men s 70 s Adult Star Costume Wig Apparel Had to dress up as Geraldo Rivera and this wig worked pretty well! Just your basic wig, nothing fancy, but the hair seems to be staying in and it looks ok. Help other customers find the most helpful reviews Was this review helpful to you | Comment Reply Click here to cancel reply. Leave a Reply Name required Email will not be published required Website Recent Posts 70s Mens Clothes Feathered 70 s Male Wig Brown Adult 70s Costume Accessory 70s Mens Clothes Disco 1970 Necklace 70s Mens Clothes 70s Disco Fever Medallion 70s Mens Clothes Men s 70 s Adult Star Costume Wig Reviews 70s Mens Clothes Jumbo Hippie Brown Afro Wig Recent Comments T. Yeager 5 of 5 people found the following review helpful a decent wig, October 5, 2011 By T. Yeager Norton, KS ... C. Sayre 1 of 1 people found the following review helpful Perfect for 79 s party, November 5, 2010 By C.... Anonymous Disappointed, December 27, 2011 By tlbell Amazon Verified Purchase What s this This... Denise Shanks 34 of 37 people found the following review helpful This wig made me GAY!, October 7, 2010 By Denise... Talbot Reiber 1 of 3 people found the following review helpful AFRO s are good for MANKIND., December 13,... Tags 70\'s 1970 Accessory Adult Afro Brown Clothes Costume Disco Feathered Fever Hippie Jumbo Male Medallion Mens Necklace Reviews Star FEED | entries rss | comments rss | >top Copyright 2012. All Rights Reserved. Designed by 70 S Mens Clothes Get cheap price now http //70smensclothes.bigwholesaleday.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01185', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Bermuda Hotels Cheap Bermuda Hotels Cheap Great price sale Bermuda Hotels Cheap Low prices, read reviews, Free Shipping. buy now Bermuda Hotels Cheap Bermuda Hotels Cheap Recommended Hotels Inns, Resorts & Spas 2007 The Americas, Atlantic, Caribbean & Pacific Johansens Recommended Hotels Inns and Resorts North America, Bermuda, Caribbean Pacific Best Buy Recommended Hotels Inns, Resorts & Spas 2007 The Americas, Atlantic, Caribbean & Pacific Johansens Recommended Hotels Inns and Resorts North America, Bermuda, Caribbean Pacific A diverse collection of properties across the region including exotic ocean-front resorts, historic plantation houses and traditional inns Original Price $ 35.00 Check price now Read More Posted in Bermuda Hotels Cheap at February 10th, 2012. No Comments . Bermuda Hotels Cheap Conde Nast Johansens Recommended Hotels, Inns, Resorts & Spas the Americas, Atlantic, Caribbean, Pacific 2006 Johansens Recommended Hotels Inns and North America, Bermuda, Caribbean Pacific Reviews Best Buy Conde Nast Johansens Recommended Hotels, Inns, Resorts & Spas the Americas, Atlantic, Caribbean, Pacific 2006 Johansens Recommended Hotels Inns and North America, Bermuda, Caribbean Pacific A guide to independent hotels, mountain retreats, island resorts and country ranches for North America, South America, Bermuda, the Caribbean, Mexico and the Pacific. Features over 200 properties including many secret hideaways. Original Price $ 21.95 Check price now Read More Posted in Bermuda Hotels Cheap at February 10th, 2012. 1 Comment . Bermuda Hotels Cheap CONDE NAST JOHANSENS RECOMMENDED HOTELS, INNS AND RESORTS THE AMERICAS, ATLANTIC, CARIBBEAN, PACIFIC 2010 Johansens Recommended Hotels Inns and Resorts North America, Bermuda, Caribbean Pacific Best Buy CONDE NAST JOHANSENS RECOMMENDED HOTELS, INNS AND RESORTS THE AMERICAS, ATLANTIC, CARIBBEAN, PACIFIC 2010 Johansens Recommended Hotels Inns and Resorts North America, Bermuda, Caribbean Pacific The only guide to independent hotels, mountain retreats, island resorts and country ranches for North America, South America, Bermuda, the Caribbean, Mexico and the Pacific. Features over 330 properties including many secret hideaways. Promoted by Conde Nast Traveler. Original Price $ 25.00 Check price now Read More Posted in Bermuda Hotels Cheap at February 10th, 2012. 1 Comment . Bermuda Hotels Cheap Lonely Planet Bermuda Country Guide Best Buy Lonely Planet Bermuda Country Guide Sip a rum swizzle while lolling on a pink-sand beach, amble down the cobblestones of the historic Town of St George, explore parish backroads by motor scooter bite-size Bermuda will seduce you with its tranquil, subtropical charm. Whether you want to dive down to shipwrecks or work on your golf swing, this comprehensive guide to de Rock is your ticket to the perfect island getaway. Stay In Style whether your tastes run to gracious B&Bs, romantic resorts or cozy cottages Ge Original Price $ 16.99 Check price now Read More Posted in Bermuda Hotels Cheap at February 10th, 2012. 3 Comments . Bermuda Hotels Cheap 1970s Aerial, Princess Hotel, Bermuda Vintage Postcard Best Buy 1970s Aerial, Princess Hotel, Bermuda Vintage Postcard Original Price Check price now Read More Posted in Bermuda Hotels Cheap at February 10th, 2012. No Comments . Recent Posts Bermuda Hotels Cheap Recommended Hotels Inns, Resorts & Spas 2007 The Americas, Atlantic, Caribbean & Pacific Johansens Recommended Hotels Inns and Resorts North America, Bermuda, Caribbean Pacific Bermuda Hotels Cheap Conde Nast Johansens Recommended Hotels, Inns, Resorts & Spas the Americas, Atlantic, Caribbean, Pacific 2006 Johansens Recommended Hotels Inns and North America, Bermuda, Caribbean Pacific Reviews Bermuda Hotels Cheap CONDE NAST JOHANSENS RECOMMENDED HOTELS, INNS AND RESORTS THE AMERICAS, ATLANTIC, CARIBBEAN, PACIFIC 2010 Johansens Recommended Hotels Inns and Resorts North America, Bermuda, Caribbean Pacific Bermuda Hotels Cheap Lonely Planet Bermuda Country Guide Bermuda Hotels Cheap 1970s Aerial, Princess Hotel, Bermuda Vintage Postcard Recent Comments Anonymous 15 of 15 people found the following review helpful Great Informative Source!, November 3, 2006 By DC... DC World Traveler 29 of 30 people found the following review helpful A great achievement for a small place ,... Maurizio Giuliano 41 of 41 people found the following review helpful Worth its weight in sunken treasure, April 1,... Anonymous Johansens Loding Review Book, March 8, 2007 By C. Johansen Colleen San Juan Island, WA ... Anonymous CAme on time and was exactly what I ordered, March 6, 2011 By samm1416 This review is from ... Tags 1970s 2006 2007 2010 Aerial America AMERICAS ATLANTIC Bermuda CARIBBEAN Cheap CONDE\' Country Guide Hotel Hotels INNS JOHANSENS Lonely NAST North PACIFIC Planet Postcard Princess RECOMMENDED RESORTS Reviews Spas Vintage FEED | entries rss | comments rss | >top Copyright 2012. All Rights Reserved. Designed by Bermuda Hotels Cheap Great price sale http //bermudahotelscheap.savepricestoreinusa.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01186', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Bermuda Hotels Cheap Bermuda Hotels Cheap Great price sale Bermuda Hotels Cheap Low prices, read reviews, Free Shipping. buy now Bermuda Hotels Cheap Bermuda Hotels Cheap 1970s Aerial, Princess Hotel, Bermuda Vintage Postcard Best Buy 1970s Aerial, Princess Hotel, Bermuda Vintage Postcard Original Price Check price now Buy Cheap 1970s Aerial, Princess Hotel, Bermuda Vintage Postcard List Price LowPrice New Low Price Update Here Product Descriptions [Read More Product Descriptions] Product Feature [Read More Product Feature] Bermuda Fairmont Vacations Virtuoso Bermuda Travel Advisors Recommended by NBC and Travel Channel TV Get value, priceless Bermuda vacation information, free upgrades, family, group and Bermuda honeymoon specials, renowned service. Video Rating 5 / 5 Posted in Bermuda Hotels Cheap by admin at February 10th, 2012. Tags 1970s , Aerial , Bermuda , Cheap , Hotel , Hotels , Postcard , Princess , Vintage Click here to cancel reply. Leave a Reply Name required Email will not be published required Website Recent Posts Bermuda Hotels Cheap Recommended Hotels Inns, Resorts & Spas 2007 The Americas, Atlantic, Caribbean & Pacific Johansens Recommended Hotels Inns and Resorts North America, Bermuda, Caribbean Pacific Bermuda Hotels Cheap Conde Nast Johansens Recommended Hotels, Inns, Resorts & Spas the Americas, Atlantic, Caribbean, Pacific 2006 Johansens Recommended Hotels Inns and North America, Bermuda, Caribbean Pacific Reviews Bermuda Hotels Cheap CONDE NAST JOHANSENS RECOMMENDED HOTELS, INNS AND RESORTS THE AMERICAS, ATLANTIC, CARIBBEAN, PACIFIC 2010 Johansens Recommended Hotels Inns and Resorts North America, Bermuda, Caribbean Pacific Bermuda Hotels Cheap Lonely Planet Bermuda Country Guide Bermuda Hotels Cheap 1970s Aerial, Princess Hotel, Bermuda Vintage Postcard Recent Comments Anonymous 15 of 15 people found the following review helpful Great Informative Source!, November 3, 2006 By DC... DC World Traveler 29 of 30 people found the following review helpful A great achievement for a small place ,... Maurizio Giuliano 41 of 41 people found the following review helpful Worth its weight in sunken treasure, April 1,... Anonymous Johansens Loding Review Book, March 8, 2007 By C. Johansen Colleen San Juan Island, WA ... Anonymous CAme on time and was exactly what I ordered, March 6, 2011 By samm1416 This review is from ... Tags 1970s 2006 2007 2010 Aerial America AMERICAS ATLANTIC Bermuda CARIBBEAN Cheap CONDE\' Country Guide Hotel Hotels INNS JOHANSENS Lonely NAST North PACIFIC Planet Postcard Princess RECOMMENDED RESORTS Reviews Spas Vintage FEED | entries rss | comments rss | >top Copyright 2012. All Rights Reserved. Designed by Bermuda Hotels Cheap Great price sale http //bermudahotelscheap.savepricestoreinusa.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01187', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Bermuda Hotels Cheap Bermuda Hotels Cheap Great price sale Bermuda Hotels Cheap Low prices, read reviews, Free Shipping. buy now Bermuda Hotels Cheap Bermuda Hotels Cheap CONDE NAST JOHANSENS RECOMMENDED HOTELS, INNS AND RESORTS THE AMERICAS, ATLANTIC, CARIBBEAN, PACIFIC 2010 Johansens Recommended Hotels Inns and Resorts North America, Bermuda, Caribbean Pacific Best Buy CONDE NAST JOHANSENS RECOMMENDED HOTELS, INNS AND RESORTS THE AMERICAS, ATLANTIC, CARIBBEAN, PACIFIC 2010 Johansens Recommended Hotels Inns and Resorts North America, Bermuda, Caribbean Pacific The only guide to independent hotels, mountain retreats, island resorts and country ranches for North America, South America, Bermuda, the Caribbean, Mexico and the Pacific. Features over 330 properties including many secret hideaways. Promoted by Conde Nast Traveler. Original Price $ 25.00 Check price now Buy Cheap CONDE NAST JOHANSENS RECOMMENDED HOTELS, INNS AND RESORTS THE AMERICAS, ATLANTIC, CARIBBEAN, PACIFIC 2010 Johansens Recommended Hotels Inns and Resorts North America, Bermuda, Caribbean Pacific List Price $ 25.00 LowPrice New $ 18.99 Low Price Update Here Product Descriptions The only guide to independent hotels, mountain retreats, island resorts and country ranches for North America, South America, Bermuda, the Caribbean, Mexico and the Pacific. Features over 330 properties including many secret hideaways. Promoted by Conde Nast Traveler. [Read More Product Descriptions] Product Feature [Read More Product Feature] Best Buy CONDE NAST JOHANSENS RECOMMENDED HOTELS, INNS AND RESORTS THE AMERICAS, ATLANTIC, CARIBBEAN, PACIFIC 2009 Johansens Recommended Hotels Inns and Resorts North America, Bermuda, Caribbean Pacific The only guide to independent hotels, mountain retreats, island resorts and country ranches for North America, South America, Bermuda, the Caribbean, Mexico and the Pacific. Features over 330 properties including many secret hideaways. Promoted by Conde Nast Traveler. Original Price $ 25.00 Check price now Buy Cheap CONDE NAST JOHANSENS RECOMMENDED HOTELS, INNS AND RESORTS THE AMERICAS, ATLANTIC, CARIBBEAN, PACIFIC 2009 Johansens Recommended Hotels Inns and Resorts North America, Bermuda, Caribbean Pacific List Price $ 25.00 LowPrice New $ 3.91 Low Price Update Here Product Descriptions The only guide to independent hotels, mountain retreats, island resorts and country ranches for North America, South America, Bermuda, the Caribbean, Mexico and the Pacific. Features over 330 properties including many secret hideaways. Promoted by Conde Nast Traveler. [Read More Product Descriptions] Product Feature [Read More Product Feature] Hotel Name Coco Reef Bermuda Hotel Class 3-Stars Address 3 Stonington Circle, South Shore Road | formerly Stonington Beach Hotel , PG 04, Bermuda Average Nightly Rate $ 247.50 hotelvdos.blogspot.com Video Rating 0 / 5 Posted in Bermuda Hotels Cheap by admin at February 10th, 2012. Tags 2010 , America , AMERICAS , ATLANTIC , Bermuda , CARIBBEAN , Cheap , CONDE\' , Hotels , INNS , JOHANSENS , NAST , North , PACIFIC , RECOMMENDED , RESORTS One Response to Bermuda Hotels Cheap CONDE NAST JOHANSENS RECOMMENDED HOTELS, INNS AND RESORTS THE AMERICAS, ATLANTIC, CARIBBEAN, PACIFIC 2010 Johansens Recommended Hotels Inns and Resorts North America, Bermuda, Caribbean Pacific Anonymous says February 10, 2012 at 3 18 pm CAme on time and was exactly what I ordered , March 6, 2011 By samm1416 This review is from CONDE NAST JOHANSENS RECOMMENDED HOTELS, INNS AND RESORTS THE AMERICAS, ATLANTIC, CARIBBEAN, PACIFIC 2010 Johansens Recommended Hotels Inns and Resorts North America, Bermuda, Caribbean Pacific Paperback CAme on time and was exactly what I ordered. It was a gift though so I do not know how useful the recipient found the gift to be. Help other customers find the most helpful reviews Was this review helpful to you | Comment Reply Click here to cancel reply. Leave a Reply Name required Email will not be published required Website Recent Posts Bermuda Hotels Cheap Recommended Hotels Inns, Resorts & Spas 2007 The Americas, Atlantic, Caribbean & Pacific Johansens Recommended Hotels Inns and Resorts North America, Bermuda, Caribbean Pacific Bermuda Hotels Cheap Conde Nast Johansens Recommended Hotels, Inns, Resorts & Spas the Americas, Atlantic, Caribbean, Pacific 2006 Johansens Recommended Hotels Inns and North America, Bermuda, Caribbean Pacific Reviews Bermuda Hotels Cheap CONDE NAST JOHANSENS RECOMMENDED HOTELS, INNS AND RESORTS THE AMERICAS, ATLANTIC, CARIBBEAN, PACIFIC 2010 Johansens Recommended Hotels Inns and Resorts North America, Bermuda, Caribbean Pacific Bermuda Hotels Cheap Lonely Planet Bermuda Country Guide Bermuda Hotels Cheap 1970s Aerial, Princess Hotel, Bermuda Vintage Postcard Recent Comments Anonymous 15 of 15 people found the following review helpful Great Informative Source!, November 3, 2006 By DC... DC World Traveler 29 of 30 people found the following review helpful A great achievement for a small place ,... Maurizio Giuliano 41 of 41 people found the following review helpful Worth its weight in sunken treasure, April 1,... Anonymous Johansens Loding Review Book, March 8, 2007 By C. Johansen Colleen San Juan Island, WA ... Anonymous CAme on time and was exactly what I ordered, March 6, 2011 By samm1416 This review is from ... Tags 1970s 2006 2007 2010 Aerial America AMERICAS ATLANTIC Bermuda CARIBBEAN Cheap CONDE\' Country Guide Hotel Hotels INNS JOHANSENS Lonely NAST North PACIFIC Planet Postcard Princess RECOMMENDED RESORTS Reviews Spas Vintage FEED | entries rss | comments rss | >top Copyright 2012. All Rights Reserved. Designed by Bermuda Hotels Cheap Great price sale http //bermudahotelscheap.savepricestoreinusa.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01188', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Bermuda Hotels Cheap Bermuda Hotels Cheap Great price sale Bermuda Hotels Cheap Low prices, read reviews, Free Shipping. buy now Bermuda Hotels Cheap Bermuda Hotels Cheap Conde Nast Johansens Recommended Hotels, Inns, Resorts & Spas the Americas, Atlantic, Caribbean, Pacific 2006 Johansens Recommended Hotels Inns and North America, Bermuda, Caribbean Pacific Reviews Best Buy Conde Nast Johansens Recommended Hotels, Inns, Resorts & Spas the Americas, Atlantic, Caribbean, Pacific 2006 Johansens Recommended Hotels Inns and North America, Bermuda, Caribbean Pacific A guide to independent hotels, mountain retreats, island resorts and country ranches for North America, South America, Bermuda, the Caribbean, Mexico and the Pacific. Features over 200 properties including many secret hideaways. Original Price $ 21.95 Check price now Buy Cheap Conde Nast Johansens Recommended Hotels, Inns, Resorts & Spas the Americas, Atlantic, Caribbean, Pacific 2006 Johansens Recommended Hotels Inns and North America, Bermuda, Caribbean Pacific List Price $ 21.95 LowPrice New $ 9.80 Low Price Update Here Product Descriptions A guide to independent hotels, mountain retreats, island resorts and country ranches for North America, South America, Bermuda, the Caribbean, Mexico and the Pacific. Features over 200 properties including many secret hideaways. [Read More Product Descriptions] Product Feature [Read More Product Feature] Bermuda Vacations Virtuoso Bermuda Travel Advisors Recommended by NBC and Travel Channel TV Get value, priceless Bermuda vacation information, free upgrades, family, group and Bermuda honeymoon specials, renowned service. www.jaynetinc.com A video review of beautiful world famous Mid Ocean Golf Club in Bermuda and a tip to improve your golf swing with a golf training aid. Video Rating 5 / 5 Posted in Bermuda Hotels Cheap by admin at February 10th, 2012. Tags 2006 , America , AMERICAS , ATLANTIC , Bermuda , CARIBBEAN , Cheap , CONDE\' , Hotels , INNS , JOHANSENS , NAST , North , PACIFIC , RECOMMENDED , RESORTS , Reviews , Spas One Response to Bermuda Hotels Cheap Conde Nast Johansens Recommended Hotels, Inns, Resorts & Spas the Americas, Atlantic, Caribbean, Pacific 2006 Johansens Recommended Hotels Inns and North America, Bermuda, Caribbean Pacific Reviews Anonymous says February 10, 2012 at 3 31 pm Johansens Loding Review Book , March 8, 2007 By C. Johansen Colleen San Juan Island, WA This review is from Conde Nast Johansens Recommended Hotels, Inns, Resorts & Spas the Americas, Atlantic, Caribbean, Pacific 2006 Johansens Recommended Hotels Inns and North America, Bermuda, Caribbean Pacific Paperback No, I did not purchase this because my last name is Johansen. This is just THE book if you are looking for THE best, most unique, boutique type loding in the USA. Help other customers find the most helpful reviews Was this review helpful to you | Comment Reply Click here to cancel reply. Leave a Reply Name required Email will not be published required Website Recent Posts Bermuda Hotels Cheap Recommended Hotels Inns, Resorts & Spas 2007 The Americas, Atlantic, Caribbean & Pacific Johansens Recommended Hotels Inns and Resorts North America, Bermuda, Caribbean Pacific Bermuda Hotels Cheap Conde Nast Johansens Recommended Hotels, Inns, Resorts & Spas the Americas, Atlantic, Caribbean, Pacific 2006 Johansens Recommended Hotels Inns and North America, Bermuda, Caribbean Pacific Reviews Bermuda Hotels Cheap CONDE NAST JOHANSENS RECOMMENDED HOTELS, INNS AND RESORTS THE AMERICAS, ATLANTIC, CARIBBEAN, PACIFIC 2010 Johansens Recommended Hotels Inns and Resorts North America, Bermuda, Caribbean Pacific Bermuda Hotels Cheap Lonely Planet Bermuda Country Guide Bermuda Hotels Cheap 1970s Aerial, Princess Hotel, Bermuda Vintage Postcard Recent Comments Anonymous 15 of 15 people found the following review helpful Great Informative Source!, November 3, 2006 By DC... DC World Traveler 29 of 30 people found the following review helpful A great achievement for a small place ,... Maurizio Giuliano 41 of 41 people found the following review helpful Worth its weight in sunken treasure, April 1,... Anonymous Johansens Loding Review Book, March 8, 2007 By C. Johansen Colleen San Juan Island, WA ... Anonymous CAme on time and was exactly what I ordered, March 6, 2011 By samm1416 This review is from ... Tags 1970s 2006 2007 2010 Aerial America AMERICAS ATLANTIC Bermuda CARIBBEAN Cheap CONDE\' Country Guide Hotel Hotels INNS JOHANSENS Lonely NAST North PACIFIC Planet Postcard Princess RECOMMENDED RESORTS Reviews Spas Vintage FEED | entries rss | comments rss | >top Copyright 2012. All Rights Reserved. Designed by Bermuda Hotels Cheap Great price sale http //bermudahotelscheap.savepricestoreinusa.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01189', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Bermuda Hotels Cheap Bermuda Hotels Cheap Great price sale Bermuda Hotels Cheap Low prices, read reviews, Free Shipping. buy now Bermuda Hotels Cheap Bermuda Hotels Cheap Lonely Planet Bermuda Country Guide Best Buy Lonely Planet Bermuda Country Guide Sip a rum swizzle while lolling on a pink-sand beach, amble down the cobblestones of the historic Town of St George, explore parish backroads by motor scooter bite-size Bermuda will seduce you with its tranquil, subtropical charm. Whether you want to dive down to shipwrecks or work on your golf swing, this comprehensive guide to de Rock is your ticket to the perfect island getaway. Stay In Style whether your tastes run to gracious B&Bs, romantic resorts or cozy cottages Ge Original Price $ 16.99 Check price now Buy Cheap Lonely Planet Bermuda Country Guide List Price $ 16.99 LowPrice New $ 46.15 Low Price Update Here Product Descriptions Sip a rum swizzle while lolling on a pink-sand beach, amble down the cobblestones of the historic Town of St George, explore parish backroads by motor scooter bite-size Bermuda will seduce you with its tranquil, subtropical charm. Whether you want to dive down to shipwrecks or work on your golf swing, this comprehensive guide to de Rock is your ticket to the perfect island getaway. Stay In Style whether your tastes run to gracious B&Bs, romantic resorts or cozy cottages Ge [Read More Product Descriptions] Product Feature [Read More Product Feature] www.bermudaholidaysonline.co.uk Visit Bermuda and we can offer you the best deals out there For reservations call the Bermuda Holidays Specialists Reservations call 01384 397045 Video Rating 0 / 5 Related Bermuda Hotels Products Posted in Bermuda Hotels Cheap by admin at February 10th, 2012. Tags Bermuda , Cheap , Country , Guide , Hotels , Lonely , Planet 3 Responses to Bermuda Hotels Cheap Lonely Planet Bermuda Country Guide Maurizio Giuliano says February 10, 2012 at 3 44 pm 41 of 41 people found the following review helpful Worth its weight in sunken treasure , April 1, 2000 By A Customer This review is from Lonely Planet Bermuda Bermuda, a Travel Survival Kit Paperback I spent two weeks in Bermuda, and was very glad I brought this book along with me. I doubt very much that there are many interesting corners of the country that have been overlooked by the authors of this guide some of which I never would have thought to investigate had this book not alerted me to their existence. I especially appreciated all the historical and cultural details, and found that it was an invaluable tool in keeping costs down in a country where just about everything is VERY pricey. This book has since been re-used by other members of my family on their own trips to Bermuda, and has paid for itself several times over. Help other customers find the most helpful reviews Was this review helpful to you | Comment Reply DC World Traveler says February 10, 2012 at 4 33 pm 29 of 30 people found the following review helpful A great achievement for a small place , September 22, 2002 By Maurizio Giuliano Sarajevo, Bosnia-Herzegovina This review is from Lonely Planet Bermuda Paperback The major obstacle which hinders the performance of Lonely Planet and other guidebooks is that they often try and cover a very wide country or region, such as Lonely Planet China or Lonely Planet USA , not to mention things like Lonely Planet Africa on a shoestring . This often means that, in over 800 pages of a bulky book, only few are really relevant to what the reader is looking for. Indeed, the reader can be lost among lots of information, data, etc., which she or he has no interest in if I find myself in Nairobi and am looking for a restaurant, do I really need to find myself browsing information about the visa procedures for Cameroon or the hotels of Sierra Leone Luckily, Bermuda is a much smaller place, and this has enabled the author and editors to truly produce a well-focused, condensed and overall excellent guidebook. The information for the visitor is complete and accurate, up-to-date, and indeed extremely useful even in a place which does not present particular cultural or social obstacles for the average visitor while Bermuda may still be possible to get to know on one s own, the aid of this little guidebook will be paramount. Its sections on hotels, restaurants, entertainment, are excellent. Coverage of things to see and do, sports and other activities, is down-to-the-point and very full. The sections on history and culture are also of great value, excellently written, easy-to-read in a captivating and pleasant prose, making this truly enjoyable and worthy reading for everyone. It is indeed a book one should surely pack before setting off to Bermuda. Help other customers find the most helpful reviews Was this review helpful to you | Comment Reply Anonymous says February 10, 2012 at 5 29 pm 15 of 15 people found the following review helpful Great Informative Source! , November 3, 2006 By DC World Traveler Washington, DC Amazon Verified Purchase What s this This review is from Lonely Planet Bermuda Country Guide Paperback I m a fan of Lonely Planet guides, as I like to get out and explore offbeat places on my own and meet the locals. Their Bermuda guide was a great planning tool to do so. Coupled with Insight s laminated [eraseable] map, it was all I needed for my 9-day trip. The Guide is set up by Bermuda s parishes, which is a bit cumbersome until you get a grasp of the island s geography. Even when you do, it s a bit difficult to figure out if the place you saw on the road by bus is in Warwick or Southampton or Somerset Parish. So the really map helped orient me before I hit the tarmac. As my work keeps me indoors when at home, I like to spend as much time as possible physically engaged in the outdoors when I m on vacation. The only portion of the guide which should be changed is the part about biking the Old Railway Trail. This trail ranges from grass with a tire rut, to dirt and rocks through the woods, to becoming synonymous with the main roads of the island, depending on whether it s been taken over by development. Very little of the trail is paved off of the main road, and there are places with steep grades with steps. Also, about every quarter to half mile on the real trail, there are metal barriers over which you have to lift your bike, making a continuous pedal cumbersome. The scenery is great on many portions of Warwick and Somerset in particular, but I wouldn t plan on a cycling vacation for exercise or for primary transportation. Cycling the roads is precarious, as they are barely wide enough for two cars, and I never saw a straight segment of street on the island. Shrubbery juts out from stone walls at bike level in yards all over the island, making the situation even more difficult. I did about 40 miles of trail and road, and although I m happy I did it, I wouldn t recommend it for the faint of heart. Scooters look pretty dangerous, and accidents and fatalities are rampant, even amongst locals. I took a ride my last evening on the back of one, and the curvy roads are precarious even when seated behind an experienced local. I m a big risk taker, but I respect limits of common sense. No rental cars are available on the island, but the bus and ferry service is good. So get a multiple day buss/ferry pass and enjoy the public transportation after perhaps one full day on a pedal bike. Rentals are steep at $25 a day published, but I got the shop to reduce it to $15 with some quibbling. My Huffy 18 speed mountain bike was sufficient, and you do need those speeds on the steep hills! Do a lot of online research on the Bermuda sites listed in the Guide when planning your trip and email or phone ahead of time, as Bermudians tend to change printed schedules on a whim. The guide should emphasize that cab fares are very, very expensive, with a minimum fare of about $5 for a very short ride to $20 or more to traverse from one hotel to another for dinner. Cabbies are independent and subscribe to a call service. The other part the guide left out is that single women are pursued by Bermudans to no end. The first question I always seemed to get is Where is your husband to confirm I was fresh meat on the island. It seems that American women traveling alone are curious commodities and perhaps seen as easy by local men. The other part the guide leaves out is that the tourist industry is heavily supported by guest workers from Europe, Asia and Latin America, making communication sometimes problematic. All in all, a great source to give you planning tools, costs, and the inside scoop on the island. Help other customers find the most helpful reviews Was this review helpful to you | Comment Reply Click here to cancel reply. Leave a Reply Name required Email will not be published required Website Recent Posts Bermuda Hotels Cheap Recommended Hotels Inns, Resorts & Spas 2007 The Americas, Atlantic, Caribbean & Pacific Johansens Recommended Hotels Inns and Resorts North America, Bermuda, Caribbean Pacific Bermuda Hotels Cheap Conde Nast Johansens Recommended Hotels, Inns, Resorts & Spas the Americas, Atlantic, Caribbean, Pacific 2006 Johansens Recommended Hotels Inns and North America, Bermuda, Caribbean Pacific Reviews Bermuda Hotels Cheap CONDE NAST JOHANSENS RECOMMENDED HOTELS, INNS AND RESORTS THE AMERICAS, ATLANTIC, CARIBBEAN, PACIFIC 2010 Johansens Recommended Hotels Inns and Resorts North America, Bermuda, Caribbean Pacific Bermuda Hotels Cheap Lonely Planet Bermuda Country Guide Bermuda Hotels Cheap 1970s Aerial, Princess Hotel, Bermuda Vintage Postcard Recent Comments Anonymous 15 of 15 people found the following review helpful Great Informative Source!, November 3, 2006 By DC... DC World Traveler 29 of 30 people found the following review helpful A great achievement for a small place ,... Maurizio Giuliano 41 of 41 people found the following review helpful Worth its weight in sunken treasure, April 1,... Anonymous Johansens Loding Review Book, March 8, 2007 By C. Johansen Colleen San Juan Island, WA ... Anonymous CAme on time and was exactly what I ordered, March 6, 2011 By samm1416 This review is from ... Tags 1970s 2006 2007 2010 Aerial America AMERICAS ATLANTIC Bermuda CARIBBEAN Cheap CONDE\' Country Guide Hotel Hotels INNS JOHANSENS Lonely NAST North PACIFIC Planet Postcard Princess RECOMMENDED RESORTS Reviews Spas Vintage FEED | entries rss | comments rss | >top Copyright 2012. All Rights Reserved. Designed by Bermuda Hotels Cheap Great price sale http //bermudahotelscheap.savepricestoreinusa.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01191', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Cheap Family Getaways Cheap Family Getaways Sale Lowest price Cheap Family Getaways free overnight shipping on products! free returns + 100% price guarantee Cheap Family Getaways Cheap Family Getaways Fodor s Where Should We Take the Kids California, 3rd Edition Fresh, Most-Fun-for-the-Money, Anything-But-Boring Getaways for You and Your Chi ldren, Complete with Family-Friendly Places Best Buy Fodor s Where Should We Take the Kids California, 3rd Edition Fresh, Most-Fun-for-the-Money, Anything-But-Boring Getaways for You and Your Chi ldren, Complete with Family-Friendly Places STRAIGHT TALK BY A PARENT FOR PARENTS This cheerful book helps you to pick the right destination for your next family getaway. Loaded with general planning tips, the book profiles big cities, beach towns, and mountain resorts. It also looks at places of interest organized by subject Historic Houses and Sites History, Art, and Science Museums Zoos, Aquariums, and Wildlife Refuges Natural Wonders State and National Parks Original Price $ 18.00 Check price now Read More Posted in Cheap Family Getaways at February 10th, 2012. 3 Comments . Cheap Family Getaways Cold Turkey [HD] Best Buy Cold Turkey [HD] Original Price $ 2.99 Check price now Read More Posted in Cheap Family Getaways at February 10th, 2012. No Comments . Cheap Family Getaways Going Places Family Getaways in the Pacific Northwest Best Buy Going Places Family Getaways in the Pacific Northwest Original Price $ 19.95 Check price now Read More Posted in Cheap Family Getaways at February 10th, 2012. 2 Comments . Cheap Family Getaways Frommer s Florida with Your Family From Theme Park Fun to Sunny Beach Getaways Frommers With Your Family Series Best Buy Frommer s Florida with Your Family From Theme Park Fun to Sunny Beach Getaways Frommers With Your Family Series With your family guides have all the inside knowledge and advice for a trouble-free holiday full of fabulous memories for all the family.Discover a destination with An exciting fusion of different lifestyles and culturesVibrant cities and laidback seaside resortsGlittering theme parksAn intricate eco-system and abundant wildlifeFirst class snorkelling, kayaking and watersportsA high standard of accommodation to suit all budgetsLet Frommer s show you where your family can Enjoy spectacular shows Original Price $ 18.99 Check price now Read More Posted in Cheap Family Getaways at February 10th, 2012. 1 Comment . Cheap Family Getaways Family Getaway Best Buy Family Getaway Original Price $ 1.99 Check price now Read More Posted in Cheap Family Getaways at February 10th, 2012. No Comments . Recent Posts Cheap Family Getaways Fodor s Where Should We Take the Kids California, 3rd Edition Fresh, Most-Fun-for-the-Money, Anything-But-Boring Getaways for You and Your Chi ldren, Complete with Family-Friendly Places Cheap Family Getaways Cold Turkey [HD] Cheap Family Getaways Going Places Family Getaways in the Pacific Northwest Cheap Family Getaways Frommer s Florida with Your Family From Theme Park Fun to Sunny Beach Getaways Frommers With Your Family Series Cheap Family Getaways Family Getaway Recent Comments Anonymous 10 of 16 people found the following review helpful I can t tell you how long I ve looked for... Anonymous 3 of 3 people found the following review helpful Useful age-related guide for kids, November 30, 1997 By... Anonymous 14 of 14 people found the following review helpful Fantastic and unique, June 14, 2000 By A Customer... Tina Beth 5 of 5 people found the following review helpful Out of date information, July 2, 2008 By Tina Beth... Volkert Volkersz 6 of 6 people found the following review helpful Helpful guide for planning trips for kids or... Tags AnythingButBoring Beach California Cheap Cold Complete Edition Family FamilyFriendly Florida Fodor\'s Fresh From Frommer\'s Getaway Getaways Going Kids ldren MostFunfortheMoney Northwest Pacific Park Places Series Should Sunny Take Theme Turkey FEED | entries rss | comments rss | >top Copyright 2012. All Rights Reserved. Designed by Cheap Family Getaways Sale Lowest price http //cheapfamilygetaways.findcheappriceinusa.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01192', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Cheap Family Getaways Cheap Family Getaways Sale Lowest price Cheap Family Getaways free overnight shipping on products! free returns + 100% price guarantee Cheap Family Getaways Cheap Family Getaways Cold Turkey [HD] Best Buy Cold Turkey [HD] Original Price $ 2.99 Check price now Buy Cheap Cold Turkey [HD] List Price $ 2.99 LowPrice New $ 2.99 Low Price Update Here Product Descriptions [Read More Product Descriptions] Product Feature [Read More Product Feature] Best Family Vacation Resort in the Caribbean FDR Jamaica, this resort is great for kids of all ages, including the parents. More info about FDR Resorts fdrholidays.com Video Rating 4 / 5 Posted in Cheap Family Getaways by admin at February 10th, 2012. Tags Cheap , Cold , Family , Getaways , Turkey Click here to cancel reply. Leave a Reply Name required Email will not be published required Website Recent Posts Cheap Family Getaways Fodor s Where Should We Take the Kids California, 3rd Edition Fresh, Most-Fun-for-the-Money, Anything-But-Boring Getaways for You and Your Chi ldren, Complete with Family-Friendly Places Cheap Family Getaways Cold Turkey [HD] Cheap Family Getaways Going Places Family Getaways in the Pacific Northwest Cheap Family Getaways Frommer s Florida with Your Family From Theme Park Fun to Sunny Beach Getaways Frommers With Your Family Series Cheap Family Getaways Family Getaway Recent Comments Anonymous 10 of 16 people found the following review helpful I can t tell you how long I ve looked for... Anonymous 3 of 3 people found the following review helpful Useful age-related guide for kids, November 30, 1997 By... Anonymous 14 of 14 people found the following review helpful Fantastic and unique, June 14, 2000 By A Customer... Tina Beth 5 of 5 people found the following review helpful Out of date information, July 2, 2008 By Tina Beth... Volkert Volkersz 6 of 6 people found the following review helpful Helpful guide for planning trips for kids or... Tags AnythingButBoring Beach California Cheap Cold Complete Edition Family FamilyFriendly Florida Fodor\'s Fresh From Frommer\'s Getaway Getaways Going Kids ldren MostFunfortheMoney Northwest Pacific Park Places Series Should Sunny Take Theme Turkey FEED | entries rss | comments rss | >top Copyright 2012. All Rights Reserved. Designed by Cheap Family Getaways Sale Lowest price http //cheapfamilygetaways.findcheappriceinusa.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01193', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Cheap Family Getaways Cheap Family Getaways Sale Lowest price Cheap Family Getaways free overnight shipping on products! free returns + 100% price guarantee Cheap Family Getaways Cheap Family Getaways Family Getaway Best Buy Family Getaway Original Price $ 1.99 Check price now Buy Cheap Family Getaway List Price $ 1.99 LowPrice New $ 1.99 Low Price Update Here Product Descriptions [Read More Product Descriptions] Product Feature [Read More Product Feature] For your Fiji Honeymoon or Fiji Family vacation, you will enjoy Koro Sun Resort & Rainforest Spa 18 enchanting Bures. Your stay is all-inclusive. Call 800-588-3454 for Free nights and exclusive offers. www.fiji-islands.com Also ask us about other Fiji Resorts in addition to Hawaii, Tahiti, Bora Bora, Thailand, Mexico and beyond. Visit facebook.com/fijiescapestravel Posted in Cheap Family Getaways by admin at February 10th, 2012. Tags Cheap , Family , Getaway , Getaways Click here to cancel reply. Leave a Reply Name required Email will not be published required Website Recent Posts Cheap Family Getaways Fodor s Where Should We Take the Kids California, 3rd Edition Fresh, Most-Fun-for-the-Money, Anything-But-Boring Getaways for You and Your Chi ldren, Complete with Family-Friendly Places Cheap Family Getaways Cold Turkey [HD] Cheap Family Getaways Going Places Family Getaways in the Pacific Northwest Cheap Family Getaways Frommer s Florida with Your Family From Theme Park Fun to Sunny Beach Getaways Frommers With Your Family Series Cheap Family Getaways Family Getaway Recent Comments Anonymous 10 of 16 people found the following review helpful I can t tell you how long I ve looked for... Anonymous 3 of 3 people found the following review helpful Useful age-related guide for kids, November 30, 1997 By... Anonymous 14 of 14 people found the following review helpful Fantastic and unique, June 14, 2000 By A Customer... Tina Beth 5 of 5 people found the following review helpful Out of date information, July 2, 2008 By Tina Beth... Volkert Volkersz 6 of 6 people found the following review helpful Helpful guide for planning trips for kids or... Tags AnythingButBoring Beach California Cheap Cold Complete Edition Family FamilyFriendly Florida Fodor\'s Fresh From Frommer\'s Getaway Getaways Going Kids ldren MostFunfortheMoney Northwest Pacific Park Places Series Should Sunny Take Theme Turkey FEED | entries rss | comments rss | >top Copyright 2012. All Rights Reserved. Designed by Cheap Family Getaways Sale Lowest price http //cheapfamilygetaways.findcheappriceinusa.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01194', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Cheap Family Getaways Cheap Family Getaways Sale Lowest price Cheap Family Getaways free overnight shipping on products! free returns + 100% price guarantee Cheap Family Getaways Cheap Family Getaways Fodor s Where Should We Take the Kids California, 3rd Edition Fresh, Most-Fun-for-the-Money, Anything-But-Boring Getaways for You and Your Chi ldren, Complete with Family-Friendly Places Best Buy Fodor s Where Should We Take the Kids California, 3rd Edition Fresh, Most-Fun-for-the-Money, Anything-But-Boring Getaways for You and Your Chi ldren, Complete with Family-Friendly Places STRAIGHT TALK BY A PARENT FOR PARENTS This cheerful book helps you to pick the right destination for your next family getaway. Loaded with general planning tips, the book profiles big cities, beach towns, and mountain resorts. It also looks at places of interest organized by subject Historic Houses and Sites History, Art, and Science Museums Zoos, Aquariums, and Wildlife Refuges Natural Wonders State and National Parks Original Price $ 18.00 Check price now Buy Cheap Fodor s Where Should We Take the Kids California, 3rd Edition Fresh, Most-Fun-for-the-Money, Anything-But-Boring Getaways for You and Your Chi ldren, Complete with Family-Friendly Places List Price $ 18.00 LowPrice New $ 16.50 Low Price Update Here Product Descriptions STRAIGHT TALK BY A PARENT FOR PARENTS This cheerful book helps you to pick the right destination for your next family getaway. Loaded with general planning tips, the book profiles big cities, beach towns, and mountain resorts. It also looks at places of interest organized by subject Historic Houses and Sites History, Art, and Science Museums Zoos, Aquariums, and Wildlife Refuges Natural Wonders State and National Parks [Read More Product Descriptions] Product Feature [Read More Product Feature] We traveled with VacationPlay.com on a special promotion package. When we arrived, we checked in with Hilton Head Guest Services Welcome Center who handled all of our arrangements and nice accommodations at an area hotel. During our trip, we visited the Coral Resorts and looked at their new timeshare villas right down from the beach. The package was very affordable and the lodging was ideal for our family. They gave us vouchers for meals and even golf. If you a get a moment, check out www.vacationplay.com. Posted in Cheap Family Getaways by admin at February 10th, 2012. Tags AnythingButBoring , California , Cheap , Complete , Edition , Family , FamilyFriendly , Fodor\'s , Fresh , Getaways , Kids , ldren , MostFunfortheMoney , Places , Should , Take 3 Responses to Cheap Family Getaways Fodor s Where Should We Take the Kids California, 3rd Edition Fresh, Most-Fun-for-the-Money, Anything-But-Boring Getaways for You and Your Chi ldren, Complete with Family-Friendly Places Anonymous says February 10, 2012 at 4 49 pm 14 of 14 people found the following review helpful Fantastic and unique , June 14, 2000 By A Customer This review is from Fodor s Where Should We Take the Kids Northeast, 3rd Edition Fresh, Most-Fun-for-the-Money, Anything-But-Boring Getaways for You and Your Chi ldren, Complete with Family-Friendly Places Paperback Having spent a lot of time looking for information on imaginative & fun and sometimes luxury travel with kids, I can tell you that this is a really unique book. It is comprehensive, carefully researched and well written with loads of practical tips. Some travel with kids books might as well just be bland advertising copy, this one really provides good editorial content, with positive and critical comments. It is a pleasure to read and we will use it for a long time. Fodor s should publish more of these for other parts of the US/world. Help other customers find the most helpful reviews Was this review helpful to you | Comment Reply Anonymous says February 10, 2012 at 5 43 pm 3 of 3 people found the following review helpful Useful age-related guide for kids , November 30, 1997 By A Customer This review is from Where Should We Take the Kids California Fresh, Most-Fun-for-the-Money, Anything-But-Boring Getaways for You and Your Chi ldren, Complete with Family-Friendly Pl 1st ed Paperback Very useful book for locals and visitors. We liked the way it gave us recommended age groups and prices. We can now plan ahead places to visit within and on the way to our next holiday area. We have also used it for planning field trips from the school into San Francisco. Easy to use and enjoyable to read. Help other customers find the most helpful reviews Was this review helpful to you | Comment Reply Anonymous says February 10, 2012 at 6 14 pm 10 of 16 people found the following review helpful I can t tell you how long I ve looked for a book like this! , May 11, 1999 By A Customer This review is from Fodor s Where Should We Take the Kids California, 3rd Edition Fresh, Most-Fun-for-the-Money, Anything-But-Boring Getaways for You and Your Chi ldren, Complete with Family-Friendly Places Paperback I ve been searching for a book like this for several years and haven t found one that fit the bill until now! I had a great time reading it so well written and got more useful information than I ll ever be able to use in one lifetime! Thanks so much to the writers and publishers! Help other customers find the most helpful reviews Was this review helpful to you | Comment Reply Click here to cancel reply. Leave a Reply Name required Email will not be published required Website Recent Posts Cheap Family Getaways Fodor s Where Should We Take the Kids California, 3rd Edition Fresh, Most-Fun-for-the-Money, Anything-But-Boring Getaways for You and Your Chi ldren, Complete with Family-Friendly Places Cheap Family Getaways Cold Turkey [HD] Cheap Family Getaways Going Places Family Getaways in the Pacific Northwest Cheap Family Getaways Frommer s Florida with Your Family From Theme Park Fun to Sunny Beach Getaways Frommers With Your Family Series Cheap Family Getaways Family Getaway Recent Comments Anonymous 10 of 16 people found the following review helpful I can t tell you how long I ve looked for... Anonymous 3 of 3 people found the following review helpful Useful age-related guide for kids, November 30, 1997 By... Anonymous 14 of 14 people found the following review helpful Fantastic and unique, June 14, 2000 By A Customer... Tina Beth 5 of 5 people found the following review helpful Out of date information, July 2, 2008 By Tina Beth... Volkert Volkersz 6 of 6 people found the following review helpful Helpful guide for planning trips for kids or... Tags AnythingButBoring Beach California Cheap Cold Complete Edition Family FamilyFriendly Florida Fodor\'s Fresh From Frommer\'s Getaway Getaways Going Kids ldren MostFunfortheMoney Northwest Pacific Park Places Series Should Sunny Take Theme Turkey FEED | entries rss | comments rss | >top Copyright 2012. All Rights Reserved. Designed by Cheap Family Getaways Sale Lowest price http //cheapfamilygetaways.findcheappriceinusa.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01195', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Cheap Family Getaways Cheap Family Getaways Sale Lowest price Cheap Family Getaways free overnight shipping on products! free returns + 100% price guarantee Cheap Family Getaways Cheap Family Getaways Frommer s Florida with Your Family From Theme Park Fun to Sunny Beach Getaways Frommers With Your Family Series Best Buy Frommer s Florida with Your Family From Theme Park Fun to Sunny Beach Getaways Frommers With Your Family Series With your family guides have all the inside knowledge and advice for a trouble-free holiday full of fabulous memories for all the family.Discover a destination with An exciting fusion of different lifestyles and culturesVibrant cities and laidback seaside resortsGlittering theme parksAn intricate eco-system and abundant wildlifeFirst class snorkelling, kayaking and watersportsA high standard of accommodation to suit all budgetsLet Frommer s show you where your family can Enjoy spectacular shows Original Price $ 18.99 Check price now Buy Cheap Frommer s Florida with Your Family From Theme Park Fun to Sunny Beach Getaways Frommers With Your Family Series List Price $ 18.99 LowPrice New $ 10.08 Low Price Update Here Product Descriptions With your family guides have all the inside knowledge and advice for a trouble-free holiday full of fabulous memories for all the family.Discover a destination with An exciting fusion of different lifestyles and culturesVibrant cities and laidback seaside resortsGlittering theme parksAn intricate eco-system and abundant wildlifeFirst class snorkelling, kayaking and watersportsA high standard of accommodation to suit all budgetsLet Frommer s show you where your family can Enjoy spectacular shows [Read More Product Descriptions] Product Feature [Read More Product Feature] Slideshow on Beaches Turks and Caicos Resort. Use this video when planning your next vacation to a Beaches Resort. A friendly Centre Holidays agent will be pleased to help book your stay at a Beaches Resort. Visit Centre Holidays at www.centreholidays.com today! Video Rating 0 / 5 Find More Family Getaways Products Posted in Cheap Family Getaways by admin at February 10th, 2012. Tags Beach , Cheap , Family , Florida , From , Frommer\'s , Getaways , Park , Series , Sunny , Theme One Response to Cheap Family Getaways Frommer s Florida with Your Family From Theme Park Fun to Sunny Beach Getaways Frommers With Your Family Series Bryan Newman "alaskanoutfitting.com" says February 10, 2012 at 3 58 pm 1 of 1 people found the following review helpful An Good Starting Point, Lacks a Little Depth. , February 4, 2009 By Bryan Newman alaskanoutfitting.com St Paul, MN This review is from Frommer s Florida with Your Family From Theme Park Fun to Sunny Beach Getaways Frommers With Your Family Series Paperback This is a decent little book, but since it covers the entire state, it needs to stick to the main attractions and does not got too deep into any location. There will be just a couple of recommendations for restaurants for example, and attractions like Gatorland are missing from the Orlando coverage. Quality This book seems a little more glossy than the run of the mill Frommer s book and it did an excellent job when I was flipping through and showing my seven year old possible things we could do while on our vacation. It is not crammed with photos, but it has enough to make page flipping worthwhile. Coverage Since my son is into nature and fossil collection, we needed a lot more resources to find a fossil expedition and specific nature stops. Also, since our trip was mainly concentrating on the southwest coast, the other 3/4ths of the book did not help much. And as stated above, there were not a whole lot of different options, this is a pretty general book possibly because the targeted audience are British vacationers focusing on Disney and Universal theme parks. The travel information was decent, although quaintly British again. British thing Forgive me if I am missing something about Frommers, but this book is strongly aimed at the British visitor to Florida. For the most part this is no problem as long as you can get over hire car instead of rental car or the idea of liquified baby food, But there is a decidedly British tilt to attraction selection as well, for example biplane rides for kids with Biggles fascination. Very few kids on this side of the pond have any idea what Biggles is about. The book does not say it is written for Brits but it seems to have been. Even tells you where you can get British newspapers. It still worked for us as a very high level overview of Florida, but to match our families interests, we had to go other places as well. Overall impression Decent book, but light on specifics or depth of choices. If you are looking for off the beaten track options you might want Help other customers find the most helpful reviews Was this review helpful to you | Comment Reply Click here to cancel reply. Leave a Reply Name required Email will not be published required Website Recent Posts Cheap Family Getaways Fodor s Where Should We Take the Kids California, 3rd Edition Fresh, Most-Fun-for-the-Money, Anything-But-Boring Getaways for You and Your Chi ldren, Complete with Family-Friendly Places Cheap Family Getaways Cold Turkey [HD] Cheap Family Getaways Going Places Family Getaways in the Pacific Northwest Cheap Family Getaways Frommer s Florida with Your Family From Theme Park Fun to Sunny Beach Getaways Frommers With Your Family Series Cheap Family Getaways Family Getaway Recent Comments Anonymous 10 of 16 people found the following review helpful I can t tell you how long I ve looked for... Anonymous 3 of 3 people found the following review helpful Useful age-related guide for kids, November 30, 1997 By... Anonymous 14 of 14 people found the following review helpful Fantastic and unique, June 14, 2000 By A Customer... Tina Beth 5 of 5 people found the following review helpful Out of date information, July 2, 2008 By Tina Beth... Volkert Volkersz 6 of 6 people found the following review helpful Helpful guide for planning trips for kids or... Tags AnythingButBoring Beach California Cheap Cold Complete Edition Family FamilyFriendly Florida Fodor\'s Fresh From Frommer\'s Getaway Getaways Going Kids ldren MostFunfortheMoney Northwest Pacific Park Places Series Should Sunny Take Theme Turkey FEED | entries rss | comments rss | >top Copyright 2012. All Rights Reserved. Designed by Cheap Family Getaways Sale Lowest price http //cheapfamilygetaways.findcheappriceinusa.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01196', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Cheap Family Getaways Cheap Family Getaways Sale Lowest price Cheap Family Getaways free overnight shipping on products! free returns + 100% price guarantee Cheap Family Getaways Cheap Family Getaways Going Places Family Getaways in the Pacific Northwest Best Buy Going Places Family Getaways in the Pacific Northwest Original Price $ 19.95 Check price now Buy Cheap Going Places Family Getaways in the Pacific Northwest List Price $ 19.95 LowPrice New $ 18.96 Low Price Update Here Product Descriptions [Read More Product Descriptions] Product Feature [Read More Product Feature] The beautiful Italian island of Sardinia a perfect family getaway Video Rating 5 / 5 For years Sandals guests wanted to share their memorable Caribbean experience with family and friends and now the Sandals family of resorts has expanded to include yours, Beaches Luxury Included Resorts by Sandals. Use this video when planning your next vacation to a Beaches Resort. A friendly Centre Holidays agent will be pleased to help book your stay at a Beaches Resort. Visit Centre Holidays at www.centreholidays.com today! Video Rating 0 / 5 Posted in Cheap Family Getaways by admin at February 10th, 2012. Tags Cheap , Family , Getaways , Going , Northwest , Pacific , Places 2 Responses to Cheap Family Getaways Going Places Family Getaways in the Pacific Northwest Volkert Volkersz says February 10, 2012 at 4 06 pm 6 of 6 people found the following review helpful Helpful guide for planning trips for kids or adults , August 24, 2001 By Volkert Volkersz Snohomish, WA United States This review is from Going Places Family Getaways in the Pacific Northwest Paperback This ultimate guide for traveling in the Pacific Northwest with kids covers Oregon, Washington and British Columbia. Each state/province is subdivided into metropolitan areas and geographical regions. Then each area or town has listings for places to stay, places to eat and things to see and do. While this volume is not exhaustive in terms of EVERYTHING you could see or do, it certainly covers the highlights of things you would enjoy seeing and doing with your children. We recently planned a trip to Oregon with a teenager using this guide as one of many resources. We were not disappointed, and as a matter of fact, we weren t able to cover everything suggested in this book in the time we had available. I would suggest that these guides for going places with children work just as well for adults who want to glean the highlights of locations they ll be visiting in the Pacific Northwest. Since we were traveling with a tent trailer, we did not make use of the places to stay feature, however in glancing through them, some seem to be a bit on the pricey side. Also, we discovered a great hamburger restaurant in Bend, Oregon called Pilot Butte that was not listed in this guide. So, like I said, Going Places is not exhaustive, but it certainly is helpful. Help other customers find the most helpful reviews Was this review helpful to you | Comment Reply Tina Beth says February 10, 2012 at 4 19 pm 5 of 5 people found the following review helpful Out of date information , July 2, 2008 By Tina Beth Canby, OR This review is from Going Places Family Getaways in the Pacific Northwest Paperback This is a great reference book for places to visit in the Pacific Northwest, HOWEVER, be sure to call the places you intend to visit before you go. A lot of the information is now outdated, and the prices are not even remotely accurate that they have published from 2000. We took a trip to Portland to visit Farrel s Ice Cream to find it has been out of business for year. We called Yamhill s Flying M Ranch about their cabins to hear that must be a really old ad,we don t have cabins . A trip this weekend to Astoria, Oregon we found the locations they list as free are no longer free. Help other customers find the most helpful reviews Was this review helpful to you | Comment Reply Click here to cancel reply. Leave a Reply Name required Email will not be published required Website Recent Posts Cheap Family Getaways Fodor s Where Should We Take the Kids California, 3rd Edition Fresh, Most-Fun-for-the-Money, Anything-But-Boring Getaways for You and Your Chi ldren, Complete with Family-Friendly Places Cheap Family Getaways Cold Turkey [HD] Cheap Family Getaways Going Places Family Getaways in the Pacific Northwest Cheap Family Getaways Frommer s Florida with Your Family From Theme Park Fun to Sunny Beach Getaways Frommers With Your Family Series Cheap Family Getaways Family Getaway Recent Comments Anonymous 10 of 16 people found the following review helpful I can t tell you how long I ve looked for... Anonymous 3 of 3 people found the following review helpful Useful age-related guide for kids, November 30, 1997 By... Anonymous 14 of 14 people found the following review helpful Fantastic and unique, June 14, 2000 By A Customer... Tina Beth 5 of 5 people found the following review helpful Out of date information, July 2, 2008 By Tina Beth... Volkert Volkersz 6 of 6 people found the following review helpful Helpful guide for planning trips for kids or... Tags AnythingButBoring Beach California Cheap Cold Complete Edition Family FamilyFriendly Florida Fodor\'s Fresh From Frommer\'s Getaway Getaways Going Kids ldren MostFunfortheMoney Northwest Pacific Park Places Series Should Sunny Take Theme Turkey FEED | entries rss | comments rss | >top Copyright 2012. All Rights Reserved. Designed by Cheap Family Getaways Sale Lowest price http //cheapfamilygetaways.findcheappriceinusa.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01198', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> California Personal Injury Lawyer Get you compensation you deserve Posted by J.D. Lungren California Personal Injury Lawyer Get you compensation you deserve Tragically, personal injury can occur to anyone at any place without any pre-indication. If you have been involved in an accident that was occurred due to the negligence or recklessness of other person, you may be eligible to recover compensation. For car accident cases you will usually be better off with a California car accident attorney. But, there are different factors that can contribute to the success of your case. As a victim, it is essential for you to find the right California personal injury lawyer. There are various points you should consider while hiring a personal injury attorney. The most essential points are the skill, quality and reputation of the California accident attorney you hire to handle your case. The foremost thing you should do before choosing a California personal injury lawyer is to ensure that the attorney s expertise and knowledge are satisfactory to effectively protect your rights. You can also ask about his success rate and make inquiries from the State Bar of California about any past disciplinary actions against him. Next, you must personally fix an appointment with the attorney so that you can know more about his background and experience. By doing this, you can make sure whether he is able to understand your case or not. After knowing the experience and area of expertise of California accident lawyer, you must then make an inquiry about the consultation fees. There are many personal injury attorneys that offer a free consultation but there are some who do not. It is better to confirm the cost of services. Generally, lawyers are paid at the end of the case by receiving a certain percentage of the winnings. Make sure that this percentage or other amount they will charge is discussed and completely spelled out in any agreement you sign with the personal injury attorney. Based on pertinent documents and other evidence at your disposal, your personal injury will attempt to prove your case. The grounds for a personal injury lawsuit will vary from case to case, but generally most personal injury lawyers try to prove that the defendant was negligent in such a way that harmed the plaintiff. Depending on a plaintiff s injuries, a plaintiff may recover general damages and special damages. General damages will include an award for pain and suffering, while special damages compensate the plaintiff for medical expenses and lost earnings. But remember, every type of claim has a deadline for filing the claim in court and this differ from state to state. The time period within which you can bring a lawsuit for personal injury is known as the Statute of Limitations. After the expiration of this time period, the claim usually will be vanished despite of its merits. There are different exceptions to the deadlines like minority, incompetency, etc., thus it may still be worth evaluating a claim even after the deadline has expired. Thus, after your unfortunate accident, you must act promptly on any claims which you believe you may desire to pursue. Read more Click here to get legal advice from local attorneys specializing in the area of law you need. Home Tips for Getting Through a Deposition in a Personal Injury Accident Case Posted by J.D. Lungren The legal process can be a maze of confusion and fear for anyone that is not accustomed to navigating through it. When someone is involved in a personal injury accident they suddenly find themselves in need pf a crash course in the judicial process. It can be scary and frustrating. Finding the right personal injury lawyer , locating a doctor that is willing to work with you regarding his charges and worrying about losing your job if you have to miss work are just a few of the concerns that generally go along with being the victim in a personal injury accident. Once you have resolved the most immediate concerns, the often lengthy process of determining who was negligent at fault and then what your claim is worth begins. Lawyer use a number of tactics to try and determine who was at fault and then what the victim s claim is worth. One common legal process used by attorneys in a personal injury accident case is to take the deposition of the victim. A deposition is a way for the lawyers to take the testimony of a witness prior to an actual trial. It is more formal than an office interview, but less formal than a trial. The testimony that you give at a deposition is taken under oath and can be introduced at trial in most cases. In some cases, a witnesses deposition testimony can even be introduced at trial if the witness later becomes unavailable. The idea of a deposition can be frightening for anyone that is unfamiliar with the process. If you are scheduled for a deposition, or have a personal injury accident case that could require a deposition, consider the following tips when preparing for the deposition. 1. Be informed. Your personal injury attorney should help inform you about the procedures involved in a deposition, who will be there, where it will be held, how long it should take etc. As a rule, the defendant, plaintiff and their attorneys as well as a court reporter will be present. The length of the deposition can vary greatly depending on the issues in your case. Spend as much time as you need asking your attorney questions so that you feel well informed prior to the deposition. 2. Practice. An experienced personal injury attorney will generally spend some time with his client practicing before an actual deposition. Time spent answering questions that are likely to be asked at the deposition will make you feel much more at ease during the actual deposition. 3. Tell the truth. Remember that a deposition is taken under oath. This means that the answers you give during a deposition may be able to be used in an actual trial if you answer the same question differently at trial. If you are unsure how to answer a question, or are afraid to answer a question consult with your attorney that s why he is there! Read more Click here to get legal advice from local attorneys specializing in the area of law you need. Home 3 Factors to Ensure Success of Personal Injury Cases Posted by J.D. Lungren 3 Factors to Ensure Success of Personal Injury Cases Three important factors that influence success of your personal injury case are Evidence Legal guidance Timely action Evidence All personal injury victims crave for justice. There is no point in living a compromised lifestyle after an accident especially when it was not at all your fault. However, you need to prove your innocence and other party s responsibility in court. To do so, you need to gather records in support of you. Photographs, medical reports, copy of police report, statement of eye witnesses etc. are the most common evidence that may help victims to get justice. However, all the evidence should be obtained in accordance with legal guideline. You cannot show anything in court as evidence, it should be collected in proper manner otherwise court of law won t accept it as a legal evidence. Hence, you need to work with a lawyer. Legal guidance Personal injury lawyers Attorneys, who have been working on personal injury cases for years, know how to collect evidence properly. Sometimes they appoint investigators to probe the case thoroughly and the report is submitted at court. Therefore, personal injury lawyers are the best persons to contact when it comes to get justice. Make sure you deal with a lawyer of your state. Personal injury laws differ from state to state; laws of Florida may be different from that of California. If you become personal injury victim in Florida, consult Florida personal injury lawyer to know how to apply your rights and get justice. Read more Click here to get legal advice from local attorneys specializing in the area of law you need. Home Personal Injury Lawsuit Filed After Extra Hurt Filming Transformers 3 Posted by J.D. Lungren While making a film creates loads of stress for movie producers, tragic accidents are rarely a cause for their concern. However, a recent incident on the set of Transformers 3 has left a rippling effect on the filmmakers and severely impacted the life of one injured extra. According to reports, the family of Gabriella Cedillo recently filed a personal injury lawsuit against the makers of the movie, alleging that their negligence resulted in Cedillo s severe brain injury. The lawsuit was filed in the Cook County Circuit Court in Chicago, Illinois The details of the accident are shocking. For the stunt, Cedillo, who had just turned 24 years old, was driving her own car in a vacated part of a downtown avenue in Hammond, Indiana. Sources indicate that Cedillo was among 80 other extras driving along the same stretch of road. While she was driving, empty stunt vehicles were being towed by flatbed trucks in the opposite direction at speeds reaching 50 miles per hour. The scene in question required one of these stunt vehicles to be lifted into the air and flipped with the aid of an intricate series of cables. Unfortunately, on the day of the accident, the bracket attached to one of the flying cars snapped, sending the vehicle flying towards Cedillo s car. Shortly thereafter, a metal object slammed through Cedillo s windshield, causing irreparable brain damage. Cedillo has been in the hospital since her on-the-job injury and is paralyzed on her left side, though she has been able to write a few words. Read more Click here to get legal advice from local attorneys specializing in the area of law you need. Home Atlanta personal injury lawyer can help you no longer remain a victim Posted by J.D. Lungren Atlanta personal injury lawyer can help you no longer remain a victim Accidents can happen anywhere and to anyone. No one in their wisest of minds would ever want to become a victim of a horrifying accident and undergo the trauma of a personal injury. Also, you wouldn t want the person who was resorting to negligent driving to walk away scot free without having to pay you any kind of compensation. The right kind of Atlanta personal injury lawyer will help you to ascertain how strong your case is and what kind of compensation will you be able to get for yourself. If you or a loved one has been a victim of personal injury then you will certainly want to get monetary benefits to help you tide over the hardship. When you consult Atlanta they will be willing to help you make sense out of the whole mess your life has been put through. You might not know of the recourse that the law has provided for you and your rights. When you go to Atlanta personal injury lawyer they will be able to spell all of that out for you. Also, the very consultation is completely free. This means that this is the time that you can ask them all the questions, find out information about your case and then decide whether to go ahead. You have certainly nothing to lose for filing the case but lots to gain in terms of settlement and compensation. The Atlanta personal injury lawyer will do their best to get you what you deserve. Do not wait for too long before you opt to file for a case as this will diminish your case claim. It is certainly important for your case that you go on and hire the best Atlanta personal injury lawyer. The attorney should be able to guide you in every step and protect your interests. They should be dedicated and committed towards your case. The Atlanta personal injury lawyer will be able to assist people who have been injured by giving them a variety of legal assistance. They will be able to represent them well enough so as to obtain justice and the right compensation for them. Also, they will be able to deal with all the other organizations on behalf of the clients if need be. Read more Click here to get legal advice from local attorneys specializing in the area of law you need. Home Older Posts Need Something Else Click below.... Best Fatburn Answers | Christianity Teachings | Free eBooks Library | Free Marriage Help | Instant Abundance | Mental Success | Mesothelioma Expert Answers | Pick Up Women Guide | Power and Politics in America | Relationships Tips | Workplace Behavior | Best Paying Survey Sites | Asthma Cure Guide | Beginner Blues Guitar | Brighter Teeth | Best Dating Tips | Magnet4power | Micro Home Brewery | Choose Baby Gender | Cure Asthma Guide | Currency Trader Scam | Magnet4power Reviews | Tattoo Fever Reviews | People Search4free Reviews | Clickbank Explained | AnswersPlus.Info Reviews | Blues Guitar for Beginners | 6 Pack Abs Reviews | Cheap Airline Tickets Scam | Bad Breath Explained | How To Blog for Money | How To Fix Credit Explained | Dog Foods That Kill | Dominate Clickbank Reviews | DUI DWI Explained | Reduce Electric Bills Scam | Top Acne Solutions Exposed | Best Paying Online Surveys | Pick Up Hot Girls Today | 7 Minute Fat Loss Workout | Getting Started With Facebook | Facebook Advertising Explained | Free Health and Fitness Guide | Internet Products Closeout | Yahoo Answers Secrets Exposed | Repair Credit Fast and Easy | Getting Started with Squidoo | Craigslist Money Secrets | Free Website Traffic Exposed | Hub Pages Videos | Website Indexing Videos | Show Biz Memory Tricks | Metabolism Secrets to Weightloss | Self Esteem Secrets | Video Creation for Newbies | YouTube Marketing Exposed | Categories Accident Injury Lawyer Best Personal Injury Lawyers Birth Injury Lawyers Cancer Articles Cancer Survival Find Personal Injury Lawyer Head Injury Lawyer Injury Lawyers Injury Victim Forum Personal Injury Personal Injury Claim Lawyer Personal Injury Lawyer Personal Injury Lawyer Attorney Personal Injury Lawyers Serious Injury Lawyer Total Injury Uncategorized Work Injury Lawyer Work Injury Lawyers Click The Book For Free Bonuses... Privacy|FTC|Legal | Contact Us | Free Stuff | Subscribe RSS Feed Best Personal Injury Lawyers | United States | Copyright 2011 508 queries in 0.534 seconds')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01199', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Car Accident Lawsuit Leads to $20 Million Personal Injury Settlement Posted by In 2008, a freak car accident resulted in a severe brain injury for a Wisconsin toddler. A recent personal injury settlement ensures that the little girl s family will be able to pay her medical expenses for life. The Green Bay Press Gazette indicate that the personal injury settlement , which was reached between the family and several responsible parties, was worth a total of $ 20 million. This lofty sum is a record injury settlement in Outagamie County, Wisconsin, topping the previous largest settlement by several million dollars. The accident that injured the young girl, only two years old at the time, was relatively minor. A large truck owned by a well-drilling company ran a red light but applied its breaks well before hitting the girls mother s minivan. Even though the impact of the crash was not severe, a pipe rack attached to the truck came loose and several pipes crashed through the windows of the car. One of these pipes tragically struck the young girl in the head. Her family s personal injury lawsuit alleged that the pipe rack collapsed because of faulty design by the manufacturer. As a result of the pipe s impact, the girl suffered permanent injuries, including traumatic epilepsy and blindness. According to reports of the personal injury settlement, the girl s medical expenses totaled almost $ 900,000 in the two years since the accident occurred. The settlement money will be paid by multiple parties. The manufacturer of the pipe rack that failed is on the hook for roughly $ 300,000. In addition, the driver of the truck and the truck company are liable for about $ 1 million of the settlement s total fund. The rest of the total, some $ 18.7 million, will be paid by the distributor of the pipe rack. Read more Click here to get legal advice from local attorneys specializing in the area of law you need. Home Settle Your Own Injury Claim For Thousands More Posted by J.D. Lungren Click The Book For Free Bonuses WOW Over delivered! The adjuster was stuttering when I applied the techniques taught here. The offer to settle my claim went from $1,200 to $5,600 almost overnight! Buy it! You have nothing to lose. Lara Wear La Mirada, CA Read It Over a Weekend Friday at 3 00 PM the adjuster called me to discuss settlement of my injury claim. I was at work, so I had to wait until Monday to discuss how much I would receive for my pain and suffering. It had been a long and drawn out process and the "best" offer was $750. Read more Click here to get legal advice from local attorneys specializing in the area of law you need. Home Breast Cancer Prevention How to Get Ready For Your Mammogram Posted By James S. Pendergraft Posted by J.D. Lungren By James S. Pendergraft [ Posted On 2009-01-20 ] Post a Comment A mammogram is one of the safest ways that is used to check if there is any problem with the breast of a woman. It is actually an x-ray of the breasts, as it involves in using a special and very low dose x-ray machine taking pictures of both breasts. Effective Method of Preventing Cancer Mammogram is an effective way of breast cancer prevention, as it is the most reliable procedure to detect early stages of breast cancer. However, there are some limitations of mammogram. Many cancers may not be detected by mammograms. Such breast cancers can be detected by breast self-exam. This article will guide you in getting ready for your mammogram. What You Should Watch Out For Firstly, you should check the place where you are going to have your mammogram, so that you get to know about any special instructions, which you must follow before you arrive there. You should make the appointment for your mammogram for at least one week after the completion of your period. This is because your breast generally hurt less during this time. You should make sure that you tell your mammography facility, if you have ever got any type of breast implants. Read more Click here to get legal advice from local attorneys specializing in the area of law you need. Home Mesothelioma Chemotherapy What Are the Six Commonly Used Chemotherapy Agents Posted By Bello Kamorudeen Posted by J.D. Lungren By Bello Kamorudeen [ Posted On 2009-09-02 ] Post a Comment Mesothelioma cancer, can be treated by the use of anti cancer drug therapies. These anti cancer drugs act by inhibiting tumor growth through the blocking of cell division and multiplication. This mode of action also unfortunately affects other rapidly replicating cells in the body, cells of the hair and the lining of the intestine are particularly vulnerable, thus leading to the common side effects of anti cancer drugs like hair loss and nausea. Mesothelioma is notoriously resistant to common anti cancer chemotherapy as result of some reasons. The cancer takes a long time to mature and show symptoms, by the time these symptoms appear the tumor will be well formed with a lot of layers of dead cells that the anti cancer drugs will find it difficult to penetrate, and also by the time a diagnosis of mesothelioma is made, most victims have but a short time left to live so the drugs do not have enough time to exert their maximal effect. New drugs that have been designed to overcome these challenges and have fewer and lesser side effects include Alimta Pemetrexed Alimta was approved by The Food and Drug Administration in February 2004 as a new anti cancer drug for the treatment of mesothelioma. Its mode of action is by inhibiting the creation of thymidine and purine , two enzymes that are vital to cell growth. This stops the mesothelioma cancer cells from multiplying at a very fast rate. Its side effects include nausea and vomiting, diarrhea, fatigue, mouth sores and low blood counts. Patients are usually placed on vitamin B12 and folic acid supplements to reduce the severity of the side effects. Read more Click here to get legal advice from local attorneys specializing in the area of law you need. Home How Does the Medicare Plan D Apply to Mesothelioma Patients Posted By Bello Kamorudeen Posted by J.D. Lungren By Bello Kamorudeen [ Posted On 2009-09-28 ] Post a Comment The Part D drug benefit is prescription drug coverage for people with Medicare. Medicare offers Part D to everyone with Medicare. People enrolled in Medicare are called Medicare beneficiaries. Part D coverage may help you lower your prescription drug costs and help protect you from higher costs in the future. It can give you greater access to the anti cancer drugs you need to treat your cancer . To get Medicare Part D drug coverage, you must join a plan that is run by an insurance company or other private company that has been approved by Medicare. If you join a Medicare drug plan, you usually pay a monthly premium. If you decide not to join a Medicare drug plan when you are first eligible able to join , you may pay a penalty if you decide to join later. If your income and resources are limited, you might qualify for extra help paying Part D costs. There are different plans that vary in cost and the type of drugs that are covered by each plan and it is hard to compare them. As a mesothelioma cancer patient, your may incur huge annual drug expenses , so it is important to look at each plan s coverage, as well as your cost-sharing obligations during coverage gaps. Coverage gaps are dollar limits that, when reached, leave you responsible for some or all of the drug costs The coverage gap or donut hole is the gap in which you must pay 100% of your prescription costs. Once your total drug costs what you and the plan pay for your prescriptions reach a pre-set dollar amount for the year, you will hit the donut hole. Then you will pay all of your drug costs until the total out-of-pocket costs reaches another pre-set amount. Reaching this amount triggers what is called catastrophic coverage. After that, Medicare Part D will cover 95% of your drug costs and you will pay a flat co-pay or 5% of the cost of the drug for the rest of that year. Keep in mind that some cancer drugs cost a lot and 5% can be several hundred dollars a month. If your drug plan has a coverage gap , here are some ways you can avoid or delay entering the gap, and save money on drug costs while in the gap Read more Click here to get legal advice from local attorneys specializing in the area of law you need. Home Older Posts Need Something Else Click below.... Best Fatburn Answers | Christianity Teachings | Free eBooks Library | Free Marriage Help | Instant Abundance | Mental Success | Mesothelioma Expert Answers | Pick Up Women Guide | Power and Politics in America | Relationships Tips | Workplace Behavior | Best Paying Survey Sites | Asthma Cure Guide | Beginner Blues Guitar | Brighter Teeth | Best Dating Tips | Magnet4power | Micro Home Brewery | Choose Baby Gender | Cure Asthma Guide | Currency Trader Scam | Magnet4power Reviews | Tattoo Fever Reviews | People Search4free Reviews | Clickbank Explained | AnswersPlus.Info Reviews | Blues Guitar for Beginners | 6 Pack Abs Reviews | Cheap Airline Tickets Scam | Bad Breath Explained | How To Blog for Money | How To Fix Credit Explained | Dog Foods That Kill | Dominate Clickbank Reviews | DUI DWI Explained | Reduce Electric Bills Scam | Top Acne Solutions Exposed | Best Paying Online Surveys | Pick Up Hot Girls Today | 7 Minute Fat Loss Workout | Getting Started With Facebook | Facebook Advertising Explained | Free Health and Fitness Guide | Internet Products Closeout | Yahoo Answers Secrets Exposed | Repair Credit Fast and Easy | Getting Started with Squidoo | Craigslist Money Secrets | Free Website Traffic Exposed | Hub Pages Videos | Website Indexing Videos | Show Biz Memory Tricks | Metabolism Secrets to Weightloss | Self Esteem Secrets | Video Creation for Newbies | YouTube Marketing Exposed | Categories Accident Injury Lawyer Best Personal Injury Lawyers Birth Injury Lawyers Cancer Articles Cancer Survival Find Personal Injury Lawyer Head Injury Lawyer Injury Lawyers Injury Victim Forum Personal Injury Personal Injury Claim Lawyer Personal Injury Lawyer Personal Injury Lawyer Attorney Personal Injury Lawyers Serious Injury Lawyer Total Injury Uncategorized Work Injury Lawyer Work Injury Lawyers Click The Book For Free Bonuses... Privacy|FTC|Legal | Contact Us | Free Stuff | Subscribe RSS Feed Best Personal Injury Lawyers | United States | Copyright 2011 508 queries in 0.463 seconds')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01200', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> How To Write Your Last Will and Testament Posted by I was speaking with a woman about a month ago; she was looking for coverage for her final expenses. When we met she was in her front yard tending her snake, hydrangeas, ferns and spider plants, and as we conversed she told me she transplants at least once per year because she uses fertilizer to help her plants grow. Widowed with grown children living and working away from home; she owns her small home; mortgage completed, and a small car. Middle-aged and in good health; I discovered that my new acquaintance surprisingly, however, is not unlike many Americans. She does not have a will. According to a FindLaw.com survey conducted June of 2008; nearly 60 percent of Americans do not have a will. Although more than half of the persons surveyed aged 50 or older had a will, that percentage declined to 25 percent of persons with a will aged 25 to 34. Persons in the survey between the ages of 18 and 24, those with a will is less than ten percent. Very few of us spend our daily lives thinking about death. Even fewer think about what it is we would like to leave our children, or our loved ones. In talking with people about their final expenses; if they have thought about the cost of a funeral, they have not thought about what happens after they have left us. A sobering, but necessary thought. I have found that the younger my acquaintance is, the less chance there is that the words death, and will are in their vocabulary. So, you if you say you don t have a will, my immediate question is why not I was told by one person, Well, I don t own anything, what do I need a will for Well, if you are a home owner, or you are a business owner; a will is not only prudent, but necessary, especially if your financial empire has residual income. Read more Click here to get legal advice from local attorneys specializing in the area of law you need. Home Denver Wrongful Death Attorney Consult him before it\'s too Late Posted by A wrongful death can occur due to various reasons. In some cases, the actual reason does not get established and some questions remain unanswered as to who is to be blamed for such accident. This kind of death happens mostly due to the negligence committed by the third party and requires an immediate consultation of a Denver Wrongful Death Attorney , which is usually free initially. In case of the wrongful death of a hospital patient, the culprits can be hospital authorities, who always put their staff under tremendous pressure and as a result, mistakes are bound to happen. The concerned staff may provide wrong drugs to the patient, which can result in death. In case of the wrongful death at a workplace where hazardous activities take place such as mining, transportation, construction or fire fighting, the fall of an object, explosion or any other kind of accident can take place which results in death. In case of activities where people use modified equipment or vehicle in automobile race, boating, diving, paragliding etc, accidents are bound to take place resulting in death due to excessive use of equipment beyond the specified capacity to achieve the desired result. In case of transportation industry, trucks or other heavy carriers are quite often studded with excessive goods which are beyond the load bearing capacity. The drivers might loose the balance and commit accidents. The vehicle parts may malfunction due to poor maintenance by its owners. Read more Click here to get legal advice from local attorneys specializing in the area of law you need. Home Your Living Will Is a Power of Attorney Posted by The Terry Schiavo case of life, death, and the wishes of someone who is terminally ill has not quite left our memory. For 15 years opposite sides of a life and death struggle involving Terry Schiavo who in February of 1990 at age 26 collapsed in her apartment, lapsed into a coma and only recovered to a vegetative state fought through numerous court appearances and with each other in family battles that resulted in a debate fueled by money-powered advocates from both pro-life and right-to-die camps. The debate also went to the US Congress and prompted a statement by then-President George Bush, who said that because there were serious questions and substantial doubts about the case; Terri Schiavo had no written directive as to whether she would wish to have her feeding tube removed, or not. The Schiavo Family s insistence that Terry wanted to remain alive and Terry s husband Michael Schiavo s wish to allow his wife to die a natural death could have been avoided with one simple documentation. I m sure you know someone who has been in this situation; if you have not been in this situation yourself. You ve been seriously ill and are in the hospital. A nurse, after checking your vitals, says there are some papers for you to sign; it has to do with your scheduled surgery. These papers must be signed, or the surgery you need won t be performed. She ll be back later to collect them, with your signature. You not have seen these papers before, and so you read. The papers ask what you want to happen in the event your surgery does not go well, and you don t recover. Read more Click here to get legal advice from local attorneys specializing in the area of law you need. Home Review Scott Monge, Atlanta Wrongful Death Lawyer Posted by Life can turn bitter when we experience the death of a loved one much less when they die because of the negligence or reckless actions of someone else. Though very difficult to deal with emotionally, this appalling situation has been experienced by too many families; that s why Scott Monge, a wrongful death attorney, is here to help. Though most people tend to think of a hospital, nursing home or workplace when they hear of a wrongful death tragedy, the truth is, it can happen because of simple failures to make sure safety has been addressed, such as at a construction site, shopping at the mall on a faulty escalator, or even because of a negligent landlord who never listened when your loved one reported that his or her apartment had a bad odor. Whatever the case, families are unprepared to deal with going after those responsible amid the grief and anger they will also have to endure. Worse still, for those who seek redress on their own from the companies or individuals directly responsible for their spouse or family member s death, it is often a painful battle that takes a harsh emotional and financial toll on their lives. The culpable companies can be hostile to you and your questions. They will try to confuse you, deceive you and could even blame the wrongful death on the deceased. Scott Monge is familiar with all these demeaning tactics; he has seen them employed time and time again against innocent families who are just trying get some justice. As a wrongful death attorney who has been helping families in the metro Atlanta area and throughout the state of Georgia for years to combat these big corporations, he has seen every disgusting trick in their book. He has successfully won millions of dollars for his clients, so they can start to recover and to mitigate against the costs associated with the loss of a vital, working family member. The negligent, reckless practices of individuals and the companies they represent, from doctors, nurses, home health and nursing health care professionals, to foremen, landlords and safety inspection personnel, have tremendous consequences. As such, what they do is regulated, monitored and subject to various codes and laws to protect the average person/ worker. Scott Monge will fight to protect your rights against those responsible for your family member s death, and he will aggressively deal with the unfair tactics employed by their legal representatives. His team has 30 combined years of experience behind them. In fact, the only cases Scott Monge and his associates take on are those related to personal injury, including those that result in wrongful death. This is the kind of concentrated skill you want to have at your disposal if you are prepared to take those responsible to court to pay for their negligence, indifference or recklessness. Read more Click here to get legal advice from local attorneys specializing in the area of law you need. Home Common Workplace Injuries Posted by Injuries can occur in any workplace environment, even quiet office building. Whether you work in construction, manufacturing, medicine, or retail, workplace injuries can occur. While the risk of injury from accidents is obviously greater in some fields than others, repetitive stress injuries are common across all fields. Any employee not independent contractors injured on the job is entitled to certain benefits under the Workers Compensation Act. In Lake County, Illinois, a Waukegan Workers Compensation attorney can help you ensure you receive all the benefits you deserve after a workplace injury. A few of the most common workplace injuries covered under Workers Compensation law include Overexertion Exhaustion, heatstroke, and joint/muscle problems can all be caused by overexertion. Slips and Falls Both falls on a flat surface and falls from a height ladder, roof, etc. can cause serious workplace injuries, including broken bones, joint damage, and traumatic brain injury. Repetitive Motion Injuries This type of injury occurs when repeated motions cause damage to parts of the body over time. Includes back pain, shoulder pain, and Carpal Tunnel Syndrome. Car/Truck/Forklift Accidents When you are in a vehicle for business purposes, accident injuries are covered under Workers Compensation. Includes construction equipment like bulldozers, backhoes, etc. Chemical Exposure Prolonged or one-time exposure to dangerous chemicals can occur in a wide variety of professions. Machinery Factory machines, such as presses and lathes can cause serious, life-threatening workplace injuries. Power tools and other machinery can also cause injuries on the job. Workers Compensation Documentation and Legal Assistance With any type of workplace injury, it is critical that you properly fill out all documentation required by your employer, being careful not to sign anything admitting fault or waiving Workers Compensation rights. Seek medical attention right away to prevent workplace injury complications and to more thoroughly document your injury. Read more Click here to get legal advice from local attorneys specializing in the area of law you need. Home Older Posts Need Something Else Click below.... Best Fatburn Answers | Christianity Teachings | Free eBooks Library | Free Marriage Help | Instant Abundance | Mental Success | Mesothelioma Expert Answers | Pick Up Women Guide | Power and Politics in America | Relationships Tips | Workplace Behavior | Best Paying Survey Sites | Asthma Cure Guide | Beginner Blues Guitar | Brighter Teeth | Best Dating Tips | Magnet4power | Micro Home Brewery | Choose Baby Gender | Cure Asthma Guide | Currency Trader Scam | Magnet4power Reviews | Tattoo Fever Reviews | People Search4free Reviews | Clickbank Explained | AnswersPlus.Info Reviews | Blues Guitar for Beginners | 6 Pack Abs Reviews | Cheap Airline Tickets Scam | Bad Breath Explained | How To Blog for Money | How To Fix Credit Explained | Dog Foods That Kill | Dominate Clickbank Reviews | DUI DWI Explained | Reduce Electric Bills Scam | Top Acne Solutions Exposed | Best Paying Online Surveys | Pick Up Hot Girls Today | 7 Minute Fat Loss Workout | Getting Started With Facebook | Facebook Advertising Explained | Free Health and Fitness Guide | Internet Products Closeout | Yahoo Answers Secrets Exposed | Repair Credit Fast and Easy | Getting Started with Squidoo | Craigslist Money Secrets | Free Website Traffic Exposed | Hub Pages Videos | Website Indexing Videos | Show Biz Memory Tricks | Metabolism Secrets to Weightloss | Self Esteem Secrets | Video Creation for Newbies | YouTube Marketing Exposed | Categories Accident Injury Lawyer Best Personal Injury Lawyers Birth Injury Lawyers Cancer Articles Cancer Survival Find Personal Injury Lawyer Head Injury Lawyer Injury Lawyers Injury Victim Forum Personal Injury Personal Injury Claim Lawyer Personal Injury Lawyer Personal Injury Lawyer Attorney Personal Injury Lawyers Serious Injury Lawyer Total Injury Uncategorized Work Injury Lawyer Work Injury Lawyers Click The Book For Free Bonuses... Privacy|FTC|Legal | Contact Us | Free Stuff | Subscribe RSS Feed Best Personal Injury Lawyers | United States | Copyright 2011 506 queries in 0.485 seconds')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01201', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Take the Help of Auto Accident Attorney for Adequate Recompense | Injury attorney. Posted by The cases of vehicle collision and violation of traffic laws have become very usual in the highly populated cities like Orlando in the USA. They have become more serious for the victim when he or she does not get the adequate compensation but an evocative response on the spot. So, it s very natural to contact an Orlando lawyer for the purpose. The damage caused by the rash driving of some miscreants can provoke anybody and encourage anybody to take law into their hands, but remember your actions can spoil the case of accident and you might be deterred from the benefits of your rights. Have a brief look at some intricacies attracted to the cases of car accidents and what is the role of auto accident attorney in giving you justice after that. Orlando roads and freeways are notorious for its vehicle collision cases and violation of traffic rules. Each year there are thousands of car accident cases in media; some are registered and some pass by unregistered. Here, the cases of wrecks on highways, bridges, roadways and freeways have become a cause of big concern for the residents and travelers. The increasing number of vehicle collision cases in the office of Orlando lawyers can open your eyes and then you can realize how arduous their jobs are bringing the culprit to justice. From the victim s point of view, they want compensation for the dent occurred due to the accident and do not want to drag the case on for long. When an Orlando attorney handles the cases of such accidents, it requires certain evidence in order to strengthen the claim of prosecutors. The first impromptu action expected from the victims is that they must have appropriate evidence of the damage in terms of photographs, voice bytes of the witnesses, and name and address of the person who caused accidents. Furthermore, to support Orlando lawyer s claim in the court, you have to have the medical proof of pains, bruise, cuts or any other physical damage caused by the damage. Read more Click here to get legal advice from local attorneys specializing in the area of law you need. Home PMB Address Investigations - Brain injury lawyers. Posted by I am a Judgment Broker, not a lawyer, and this article is my opinion, please consult with a lawyer if you need legal advice. This article only covers how a judgment debtor s actual address might be discovered so a process server can serve legal papers on them. USPS boxes and Private Mail Boxes PMBs are becoming more and more popular, the main reasons are because they help people increase their personal privacy and safety. People want privacy, especially people that owe money on civil judgments. More and more, people are using private post office box stores such as The UPS Store, because they usually have more features at a better price than the USPS post office offers. Some judgment debtors go to great lengths to live off the grid and they try to make only their post office box, show up on any public record data searches. To recover a judgment, often you must personally serve the debtor to compel them and sometimes third parties, to appear in court, to try to discover information that may lead to the debtor s available assets. When a debtor goes to great lengths to hide behind a PO box or a PMB, one usually must hire someone to find the debtor s other physical address, hopefully the address that the debtor lives at. To find this information, you can either hire a private investigator or a lawyer, or you can save money and hire a process server. The only reason you can get this private information from a process server is for the service of legal process. Read more Click here to get legal advice from local attorneys specializing in the area of law you need. Home Hiring a Workers Compensation Attorney in NC | Work injury lawyers. Posted by It happens every day a fall from a ladder, electrocution, equipment failure grave injuries from workplace accidents and misjudgments. If in the course of performing your job you are injured, you may have to decide whether or not to take legal action against your employer. Naturally, accidents happen, and a staple in the finger, while quite painful, does not constitute a lawsuit. But serious injury can occur, and often a workers compensation claim is the only answer. It will be well worth your time and effort to challenge an employer for compensation in the event you are hurt on the job and are temporarily or permanently unable to do your job. First, be aware that in case of injury you must notify the employer, as soon as possible, about the incident. State clearly, in writing, the basic who, when, where, what of the accident and what consequences you have suffered as a result. Even if you re sure the employer is aware of the incident, an ambulance was called for example, you must submit a written report of the event. This will help if you hire an attorney for a workers compensation suit. The laws are complex in North Carolina as in any other state, and it pays to hire expert assistance for the claim process or subsequent lawsuit. For example, there are workers compensation laws pertaining to time limitations for compensation, starting and ending. There are codified guidelines for compensation for various injuries and degree of injury whole finger vs. partial amputation, vision impairment or total sight loss, guidelines for total or partial disfigurement, and codes addressing diseases caused by the workplace such as silicosis and asbestosis. There are laws to address circumstances whereby an employee has a pre-existing condition, epilepsy for example, and injured on the job. There are laws addressing a right to a trial return-to-work period of 9 months after an injury. Additional laws speak to dependents of deceased employees, and lump sums vs. periodic payouts. You need a workers compensation lawyer to help make sense of it all and to help you get on with your life. In Raleigh, NC, Holly Cutler, attorney at law, with over 19 years of experience winning maximum compensation benefits, can advise and expedite the arduous process through a workers comp lawsuit. Read more Click here to get legal advice from local attorneys specializing in the area of law you need. Home Los Angeles Car Accident Lawyer A Helpful Advice in Legal Proceedings Work injury lawyers. Posted by A professional car accident lawyer advice and guidance is of incalculable importance to the client who is caught in the middle of a legal implication. Though legal matters do take time to fold up but the quality and tenure of supervision not only helps the client financially and in recovering with all aid possible from the government, but more so it also helps set an example for all involved in the vast number of motorcar accidents that take place every year. Without the professional guidance of an experienced lawyer for motorcar accidents, it does not ensure a smooth legal proceeding from which the client can be assured of total recovery and complete safety. To start with, the place and venue of the accident needs to be correctly captured in detail. This needs to be done both in order to report the case with police as well as for insurance purposes. As such all evidence and events of the occurring incident need to be detailed while being captured. It is here that the invaluable expertise of the lawyer acting for motorcar accidents comes into the picture. All names and contact information of witnesses along with others involved in line with information regarding the damaged vehicles involved need to be captured. In today s mobile age, photographs collected on the spot with help of mobile phone cameras can come in very handy to the car accident lawyer later on. Moving further, the entire procedure of tackling the insurance companies is a huge task and needs the experience of a professional to handle the associated formalities and ensure the claim is realized in full. For this arduous task the lawyer who is well-equipped with all insurance related developments is indispensable. On the financial front, any claims that are to be derived from the contesting party is also the responsibility of the lawyer involved. Over here it is not only the sum of money to be claimed that is at stake but also the manner in which this has to be realized. A car accident lawyer for motorcar accidents who is well versed with the existing norms and prevailing trends in this line will carry out all the formalities in a smooth way consuming the least of time. Further more a firm vigil on all that needs to be disclosed to the insurance companies is also atop the list of priorities for the prosecutions by them. A car accident lawyer working in motorcar accidents do charge fees that raise an eyebrow, and at times they can be on a percentage basis of the recovered amount in concern. However, what we need to be aware of is that the client stands to gain both monetarily and in health, before the money actually goes into the pockets of the lawyer. With indefinite limits of insurance amounts on question, a resourceful lawyer can go quite a distance in helping the client recover the claim amount in full. In fact there have been instances where multiple sources of claim and settlement have arisen which in turn turnout as windfall sources of income. However they are made to happen only with the keen eye of a car accident lawyer for detail of the costly services of the legal aid. The claim in return not only affects the party on suit but also to all the indirectly related distant relations like the collective owners of the accident met vehicle, all government authorities, manufacturing company of the automobile and lastly the involved employers. Read more Click here to get legal advice from local attorneys specializing in the area of law you need. Home Ronald Reagan-Overview - Injury lawyer. Posted by Ronald Reagan was a fascinating man well before he became a fascinating president. Jules Tygiel offers a rare semi-unbiased look into Ronald Reagan s life before, during and after his presidency. Tygiel confronts the reader with the perception of Reagan as a person with no depth or unique ideas of his own, and gives us all the tools in Reagan s life that molded such a personality. Tygiel offers detailed analysis of Reagan s life and gives the reader a chance to explain for themselves Reagan s abrupt change in political beliefs and liberal ideals. While at times utterly confusing, it is also not difficult to understand Reagan s stance of the moment when you remember his desire to please and be seen in the most admirable light by others. While reviewing Reagan s life one cannot help but be either incensed or envious of his uncanny ability to escape reality and deliver fantasy to an eager people. Tygiel states that Reagan s abrupt political changes seem to have no rhyme or reason to support them. However, Tygiel also implies that Reagan s political changes were initially deceptive and later opportunistic. Reagan s father, Jack Reagan, is portrayed as an Irish Catholic alcoholic which Ronald Reagan referred to as his father s weakness. Tygiel displays Jack Reagan as a hard-working, semi-ambitious man who had a problem with alcohol. Jack Reagan s personal beliefs were strongly aligned with the Democratic Party. Tygiel mentions Jack Reagan s refusal to patronage shops with known anti-Semitic views. Jack Reagan was willing to inconvenience himself in order to make a political statement. In contrast, while Ronald Reagan stated to have his father s same democratic beliefs, he was not as willing to inconvenience himself to make a political statement. Tygiel gives the example of the African-American players on Ronald Reagan s school football team being denied lodging in a hotel. The coach was furious and insisted that the entire team sleep on the bus and make a political stand by doing such. Ronald Reagan instead offered the African-American players a room in his home to avoid such a controversial issue. This causes one to question Ronald s true political beliefs. Tygiel also questions the true democratic beliefs of Ronald when Jack Reagan dies. While demonstrating the sense of betrayal felt by Jack Reagan when his son Neil starts speaking about his republican beliefs, Tygiel shows how deep Jack Reagan s political beliefs travel. Tygiel states that Ronald felt a sense of relief when his father passed away, because he no longer had to fear disappointing him with his political views. Read more Click here to get legal advice from local attorneys specializing in the area of law you need. Home Older Posts Need Something Else Click below.... Best Fatburn Answers | Christianity Teachings | Free eBooks Library | Free Marriage Help | Instant Abundance | Mental Success | Mesothelioma Expert Answers | Pick Up Women Guide | Power and Politics in America | Relationships Tips | Workplace Behavior | Best Paying Survey Sites | Asthma Cure Guide | Beginner Blues Guitar | Brighter Teeth | Best Dating Tips | Magnet4power | Micro Home Brewery | Choose Baby Gender | Cure Asthma Guide | Currency Trader Scam | Magnet4power Reviews | Tattoo Fever Reviews | People Search4free Reviews | Clickbank Explained | AnswersPlus.Info Reviews | Blues Guitar for Beginners | 6 Pack Abs Reviews | Cheap Airline Tickets Scam | Bad Breath Explained | How To Blog for Money | How To Fix Credit Explained | Dog Foods That Kill | Dominate Clickbank Reviews | DUI DWI Explained | Reduce Electric Bills Scam | Top Acne Solutions Exposed | Best Paying Online Surveys | Pick Up Hot Girls Today | 7 Minute Fat Loss Workout | Getting Started With Facebook | Facebook Advertising Explained | Free Health and Fitness Guide | Internet Products Closeout | Yahoo Answers Secrets Exposed | Repair Credit Fast and Easy | Getting Started with Squidoo | Craigslist Money Secrets | Free Website Traffic Exposed | Hub Pages Videos | Website Indexing Videos | Show Biz Memory Tricks | Metabolism Secrets to Weightloss | Self Esteem Secrets | Video Creation for Newbies | YouTube Marketing Exposed | Categories Accident Injury Lawyer Best Personal Injury Lawyers Birth Injury Lawyers Cancer Articles Cancer Survival Find Personal Injury Lawyer Head Injury Lawyer Injury Lawyers Injury Victim Forum Personal Injury Personal Injury Claim Lawyer Personal Injury Lawyer Personal Injury Lawyer Attorney Personal Injury Lawyers Serious Injury Lawyer Total Injury Uncategorized Work Injury Lawyer Work Injury Lawyers Click The Book For Free Bonuses... Privacy|FTC|Legal | Contact Us | Free Stuff | Subscribe RSS Feed Best Personal Injury Lawyers | United States | Copyright 2011 506 queries in 0.461 seconds')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01202', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Get the assistance of DWI attorney Rancho Cucamonga for your DUI charges Head injury lawyer. Posted by When you are caught while driving under DWI that is driving while intoxicated then you might have to face severe consequences like jail, loss of driving privileges, fines, utilization of compulsory ignition interlock device as well as alcohol or drug abuses education. In such s situation the foremost thing that you will be required to do is to get in touch with the reputable DWI attorney Rancho Cucamonga and hire them for your case. If you are able to contact the attorney as soon as possible then it can work out to your advantage. At the time you first time meet the lawyer there would be free evaluation of the case and discussing the situation that you are facing. In case you are able to get the attorney immediately then you will be able to protect yourself from the loss or suspension of driving license. There would be a specific time period to respond and if not then the driving license will be taken off from you. Therefore contacting DWI attorney Rancho Cucamonga can be advantageous for you. An attorney that is experienced will know your requirements well. The laws related to the DWI cases increases every year and the laws as well as legislation becomes stricter and includes high penalties as well as consequences are tougher. Some of the extra consequences related to DWI arrest are loss of current job, possibility of loss of future employment and many more such things which have an impact on your personal and social life. When you are arrested under DWI case it can also lead to divorce or child custody case which can ruin your personal life to a great extend. More than that with the arrestment leads to the embarrassment as well as humiliation and so it would be better for you to consult DWI attorney Rancho Cucamonga. DWI attorney Rancho Cucamonga posses skills that are specialized in the kind of cases and they are well aware about the ins as well as outs of the laws of your state. Hen you are caught in this case you should not waste much of your time in sitting in jail on charges of driving while intoxicated rather it would be good for you to contact the attorney as soon as possible to help you out. So what are you waiting for get started with searching for DWI attorney as soon as possible and the bets idea to search for them would be online. Read more Click here to get legal advice from local attorneys specializing in the area of law you need. Home What You Should Understand About Product Liability Lawyers - Personal injury lawyers. Posted by Product liabilities attorneys are attorneys that focus on this area of the law. In the event you have been injured by an item, you might be eligible to sue for damages and include the vendor of the product, distributor as well as the retail outlet for any damages experienced by the consumer. The attorney will represent their clients in these cases. These legal professionals take on a number of different kinds of cases such as catastrophic injuries lawyer s would work with. They have a great deal of expertise in the field and will seek out damages regarding products that have injured a client due to a defect. Manufacturers carry a legal responsibility for their goods. Such attorneys may have experience in coping with customer merchandise recalls, when certain dangers are apparent towards the public. They may be also employed to dealing with much more delicate cases where the responsibility associated with proof is on the consumer of the item. There are many legal professionals that specialize in this area. This type of attorney may also know about specific legal terms for cases where customer item liability isn t clearly apparent or well defined. In some of these cases, the issue is not really the actual inherent risk of the item. However, it is important to be sure the item was properly used by the consumer. In these cases, issues just like a insufficient warning label might be central to some item liability cases. In this situation, an attorney will aim to show inadequate information on proper use relayed to the client which equates to negligence for the producer. There are many different types of cases involving this type of law. They must be very careful at each stage associated with production for security purpose. If anything that violates the law is discovered, their license might be suspended or terminated and all their products could be recalled. Those who have suffered from these items can file payment suits against all responsible parties through attorneys. Read more Click here to get legal advice from local attorneys specializing in the area of law you need. Home Spinal injuries staying positive about life - Injury lawyer. Posted by Coping with the aftermath of a serious injury isn t just a matter of physical recovery. For the victims of life-changing injuries such as spinal injury, there often needs to be a psychological adjustment too, as they come to terms with the change in circumstances and the trauma of the event itself. Why me Once the physical recovery has started, victims of spinal injuries can often fall into a cycle of depression, particularly if the injury means a complete alteration of their lifestyle. For victims who may have been very physically active before their accident, the knowledge that they are now restricted in what they can do and achieve has very real implications to their psychological wellbeing. In this context, the question why me is often asked. Unfortunately, there is no reply to that question that will give the victim any comfort. But what families and friends can do is to help the victim focus on a new question what next Giving the victim time to adjust Time is supposed to be a great healer. One thing that spinal injury victims need is the time to adjust to their new life after a serious accident. Because of the nature of spinal injuries, victims may need longer than most to come to terms with the fundamental changes that a life restricted by the long-term effects of a spinal injury can bring. During that period, the most important thing a victim will need is support from those around them, including their family, friends and even their solicitor. They have to be gently reassured that their life isn t over just because they can no longer do the things they used to do. As they come to accept their situation a new optimism and drive can emerge, pushing them forward to achieve far more than they thought was possible. But it s during the darker days that positive reassurance is needed to convince a spinal injury victim that there is light at the end of the tunnel. How a solicitor can help Often it s the practical things that can make a difference to someone coming to terms with a spinal injury. Mobility in particular is vitally important the victim needs to feel that they are not completely reliant on others and regaining some level of independence can be crucial to recovery. If your solicitor has managed to secure an interim payment for example, they may then be able to put the victim in touch with a car company that can supply the victim with a specially adapted vehicle. Something as simple as going to the shops or being able to move around their own home without help can mean a great deal to a previously able-bodied victim of a spinal injury. Read more Click here to get legal advice from local attorneys specializing in the area of law you need. Home Serious brain injuries how the legal experts can help | Birth injury lawyers. Posted by If you ve had an accident that wasn t your fault then once the medical concerns have been taken care of it is often a matter of talking to an injury claims solicitor to find out if you are entitled to compensation. However, in more serious cases such as brain injury , it s not just the financial concerns that take precedence. A serious brain injury is a life-changing event. Unlike a relatively minor injury like whiplash, a brain injury can mean a lifetime of care and a complete change in how you and your family live their lives. So in cases like this, how much help can your legal team provide Not just financial support An ordinary solicitor may be able to represent your interests in a court, but serious injury specialists have a far broader spectrum of support to offer. Because serious injury cases such as brain injury compensation claims are often more complex in nature, serious injury specialists take on fewer cases than ordinary solicitors. This means that they get to know each individual case in far greater depth, often forming a close personal friendship with the victim and family themselves. This does not colour their judgement of the legal process, but instead enables them to better understand the individual circumstances of their clients and their specific needs. Specialist serious injury solicitors can also help in more practical ways too. Due to the nature of their business they can call on the expert help of a wide range of medical specialists who can provide both expert testimony during the compensation claim process and also specialist medical treatment for the victim. In head injury cases, the experience of a neurologist familiar with trauma injuries, for example, can make a huge difference to the long term treatment path that s taken. It can also enable the victim to access special therapies that they may not have been able to if they had remained with the usual primary care providers. Getting things moving quickly Read more Click here to get legal advice from local attorneys specializing in the area of law you need. Home How A Truck Accident Lawyer Can Help In Highway Accidents | Brain injury lawyers. Posted by It is seen that there are a large number of cases on the highway, where there are a lot of cases of accidents which are fatal and therefore one needs to have some good legal help with regards to legal assistance in such matters. In this relation there are a large number of truck accident lawyer who specialize in dealing in cases which are pertaining to road side accidents and therefore they cater to both the offenders as well as the victims. It is pretty easy for you to get in touch with them and you just need to look them up on the classifieds which are available in several places. One thing that one needs to make really clear is that they understand the concept of how and what are the reasons of highway accidents and when it comes to the damages from these accidents, they are rather big in terms of their magnitude and therefore one needs to be aware of how to handle the repercussions of the same. The truck accident lawyer is the people who are aware of the stringent laws when it comes to the regulations which are imposed in the highway areas. This is rather important as the rules are a great factor which goes onto determining how a case can be handled and these judges are indeed specialists in this regard. Furthermore make sure that these lawyers are good listeners and ensure that they are ready to give you the support not only in the court but also outside. It is because the accidents which usually happen on the road are usually of a grave nature and more often than not end up in huge damages for the people who are involved. This is one of the most important qualities of a truck accident lawyer which determine whether you should at all appoint them or not. Another thing that is really important in this case is whether a truck accident lawyer is capable enough to handle long drawn cases. It is because legal dealings related to truck accidents and highway accidents are much more complicated in comparison to the normal laws and the rules that are there on the city roads. Another thing that you should keep in mind while appointing the lawyer is that they should be from a particular strategic place. This is so because of the fact that the high court accidents are usually concerned with multiple states and therefore the dealings and implications of the cases run across several borders. This means that the lawyer must be capable of handling the kind of pressures that are involved with having to deal with such complex and elaborate cases which may run into a few months or years. Along with that, the cases which are dealt with by truck accident lawyer are involved with punishments and indemnities that are far larger and therefore the acumen that is shown by such lawyers has to be much better to allow you to get your end of the deal set. Therefore we see that there are a lot of things that you need to know when it comes to getting a good truck accident lawyer. Read more Click here to get legal advice from local attorneys specializing in the area of law you need. Home Older Posts Need Something Else Click below.... Best Fatburn Answers | Christianity Teachings | Free eBooks Library | Free Marriage Help | Instant Abundance | Mental Success | Mesothelioma Expert Answers | Pick Up Women Guide | Power and Politics in America | Relationships Tips | Workplace Behavior | Best Paying Survey Sites | Asthma Cure Guide | Beginner Blues Guitar | Brighter Teeth | Best Dating Tips | Magnet4power | Micro Home Brewery | Choose Baby Gender | Cure Asthma Guide | Currency Trader Scam | Magnet4power Reviews | Tattoo Fever Reviews | People Search4free Reviews | Clickbank Explained | AnswersPlus.Info Reviews | Blues Guitar for Beginners | 6 Pack Abs Reviews | Cheap Airline Tickets Scam | Bad Breath Explained | How To Blog for Money | How To Fix Credit Explained | Dog Foods That Kill | Dominate Clickbank Reviews | DUI DWI Explained | Reduce Electric Bills Scam | Top Acne Solutions Exposed | Best Paying Online Surveys | Pick Up Hot Girls Today | 7 Minute Fat Loss Workout | Getting Started With Facebook | Facebook Advertising Explained | Free Health and Fitness Guide | Internet Products Closeout | Yahoo Answers Secrets Exposed | Repair Credit Fast and Easy | Getting Started with Squidoo | Craigslist Money Secrets | Free Website Traffic Exposed | Hub Pages Videos | Website Indexing Videos | Show Biz Memory Tricks | Metabolism Secrets to Weightloss | Self Esteem Secrets | Video Creation for Newbies | YouTube Marketing Exposed | Categories Accident Injury Lawyer Best Personal Injury Lawyers Birth Injury Lawyers Cancer Articles Cancer Survival Find Personal Injury Lawyer Head Injury Lawyer Injury Lawyers Injury Victim Forum Personal Injury Personal Injury Claim Lawyer Personal Injury Lawyer Personal Injury Lawyer Attorney Personal Injury Lawyers Serious Injury Lawyer Total Injury Uncategorized Work Injury Lawyer Work Injury Lawyers Click The Book For Free Bonuses... Privacy|FTC|Legal | Contact Us | Free Stuff | Subscribe RSS Feed Best Personal Injury Lawyers | United States | Copyright 2011 506 queries in 0.521 seconds')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01203', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> The Benefits of Hiring Personal Injury Lawyer Brain injury lawyer. Posted by Accidents and injuries never knock on your door; rather, they knock you down. You never know when they are going to hit you and most of the times, you have nobody else to blame but yourself. But consider a situation where you actually fall victim to an accident that has been caused by the careless behavior of some other person. Will you manage to take it on your stride or would you rather strike back Well, the latter is certainly a better option and you could go right ahead and claim compensation for the damages. Claiming compensation involves a lot of legal complexities and that is why you would have to seek the assistance of a personal injury lawyer . There are a lot of advantages of hiring the services of a personal injury lawyer and some of them have been discussed below. A personal injury lawyer has expertise in this particular field. They have a lot of knowledge regarding the subject and are abreast with the latest changes that are taking place in the law. The personal injury lawyers are well aware of the various loopholes too that can prove to be of use for their clients. Some people think that hiring the services of these professionals is nothing but wastage of precious time and money. But that has absolutely no resemblance with the truth. Before you can claim for the damages, you have to prove it in the court of the law that the accident took place due to the irresponsible behavior or another person. If you cannot establish it, you will not be allowed to sue the opponent. On the other hand, if you appoint a personal injury lawyer, he will run around to gather the required evidence and also manage the entire paperwork. Thanks to his expertise, he will be able to tackle tricky court room situations and guide your case smoothly to victory. Even if you decide to settle the matter out of court, your attorney will make sure that you do not agree for an amount that is far less than what you actually deserve. He will calculate the amount of compensation taking into account your medical bills as well as the loss in wages due to absence from work. Before hiring a personal injury lawyer , Clearwater residents have to check if the professional in question has a valid license. Read more Click here to get legal advice from local attorneys specializing in the area of law you need. Home Realizing Birmingham MI Law Practice Settle your own personal injury claim. Posted by Birmingham MI Law Firm is an entity formed by a group of lawyers. The entity is set up as a business. It offers legal representation to persons who are involved in a legal tussle. There are a number of services that such companies offer to their clients. The business informs the clients of their responsibilities and rights. If a person has no knowledge about the legal world, they are expected to hire the services of the lawyer to work for them. However, these are not the only services that they are known to offer to the public. There are various types of practices in the legal file. Some people operate their firms alone while others have firms that employ many Birmingham MI lawyers. A number of these firms have opened up offices in more than one location. When a person opens up their own legal company, they only deal with a specific type of law. This is different from the service offered by the large businesses. The larger entities are furnished with different departments that oversee the diverse areas of the law. With the different departments, they are able to open up their services to more than one type of client. There is a rule that ensures that the only people who can open up law firms are lawyers. The companies are prohibited from earning incomes from alternative sources. However, it is now possible for the company to have some of partners who are not practitioners of law. The reason why the rule was put in place was to ensure objectivity on the part of the lawyers. Lawyers are expected to represent their clients with all that they have without overcharging them. The officer of the court is never expected to come up with bad defenses. If a lawyer is a shareholder in any company, they will be tempted to make legal decisions that will be in favor of the company they are affiliated to. Read more Click here to get legal advice from local attorneys specializing in the area of law you need. Home What to look for in a solicitor when making a brain injury claim - Best personal injury attorney. Posted by Suffering a brain or severe head injury can be a traumatic experience of life changing proportions. It is something that can leave its sufferers without much hope, lead them down a road of anger, depression and bitterness and in need of constant round the clock care in some cases. However, no matter how monumental, a brain injury does not mark the end of one s life. There are options that are open to those individuals that have suffered a brain injury. One of these opportunities is to make a claim for compensation, providing the injury was suffered as a result of someone else s negligence. When making the claim, it would probably be advised, because of the nature of the injury to call on the services of a specialist solicitor. A brain injury claim can be quite complex in their nature and it is better to be represented by someone who is an expert in the field rather than a complete novice. The first question that should be asked determines exactly that; have they undertaken any previous brain injury work and how many cases they are currently handling. As mentioned previously, a solicitor with a lower number of current cases could be better for those with a more complex case. If the solicitor hasn t undertaken any cases in the field of brain injuries, then it probably isn t worth considering. In their line of business, they take on far fewer cases than that of a standard solicitor. This allows for the solicitor to familiarise themselves with each case and allows for the solicitor to understand the needs of the client. When looking for a solicitor to represent a case for a claim, it is important to consider whether the solicitor is accredited by Headway, the brain injury association. If they are, the chances are they will have a high level of knowledge when it comes to brain injuries. Like belonging in Law Society s Personal Injury Panel or the Association of Personal injury lawyers APIL , having these kind of credential can give a good indication of the kind of specialist interest that a solicitor has. There must be some kind of comfortable knowledge of how a case for a brain injury claim would be funded beforehand, which can be done simply by reading up on the subject. A good, confident level will probably help determine what type of legal aid is needed. Read more Click here to get legal advice from local attorneys specializing in the area of law you need. Home Review Scott Monge Offers Legal Counsel for Personal Injury Claims in Atlanta, GA - Best personal injury lawyers. Posted by If you live in Atlanta, GA and you have been the victim of an accident that caused serious injury or financial hardship, Scott Monge can offer you legal counsel and excellent legal representation. Even if your injury was not the result of trauma, but rather the result of toxic chemicals or repetitive motion stress on your body such as carpal tunnel syndrome , Scott Monge can help you to recover your losses from decreased productivity, decreased overall health and a decreased standard of living. Slip and Fall accidents and premise liability injuries are unfortunately common. However, the burden they place on the people who suffer from them and on their families can sometimes be unbearable. An improperly maintained stairway can result in a fall that leads to brain injury. A landlord s negligence can lead to lead poisoning or lung infections from dangerous mold. A company s refusal to buy ergonomic equipment can lead to permanently damaged ligaments in the arm. These serious personal injuries affect victims for the rest of their lives, and have ripple effects on their spouses and children. A victim of catastrophic injury, such as those who sustained head trauma or an amputation, must be cared for by a family member and various medical practitioners over the long haul. The medical costs associated with catastrophic injuries can lead to bankruptcy. The most devastating personal injuries are cases of wrongful death. Families must somehow cope with the grief from losing a loved one while at the same time manage an incredible level of anger against those responsible. Trying to get justice can be a frustrating undertaking for many of these families because those responsible know exactly what is at stake. They give families the run around, they cover up, they deny, they threaten, they doctor up records, they restrict records, they condescend to the family, they blame the victim. Read more Click here to get legal advice from local attorneys specializing in the area of law you need. Home Canadian Pardons, Clemency, and Royal Prerogative of Mercy - Best personal injury attorney. Posted by Canadians who have completed their sentences after having been convicted of a criminal offense can apply for a pardon provided they have demonstrated they have been law-abiding citizens ever since. In special circumstances the Governor General can also grant clemency if there is new evidence of innocence or other reason to remove records or sentences. It s normal to hear declarations of protest from anyone who has been convicted of a crime. The old joke is that the prisons are full of innocent people. Unfortunately there have been many wrongful convictions over the years due to bad evidence or over-zealous police looking for somebody to arrest. Before the advent of DNA evidence there was no sure-fire way to eliminate suspects based on unimpeachable scientific analysis of hair, bodily fluids, and skin cells. Many innocent people were executed over the years and it was considered simply the sad cost of doing business in the justice system. This article discusses some of the high-profile Canadian cases and offers insight into some of the safeguards to exonerate those who have been wrongly convicted. Perhaps the most shocking trial was that of Steven Truscott in 1959. He was tried as an adult, convicted, and sentenced to hang at the age of 14 for the rape-murder of 12-year old classmate Lynne Harper. His death sentence was commuted to life imprisonment after four months on death row facing the gallows and he was paroled in 1969 after considerable public outcry over the circumstantial case. His conviction was later deemed a miscarriage of justice and he received $6.5 million in compensation in 2008. Donald Marshall Jr. of Sydney, Nova Scotia was 17 years old he received a life sentence for the murder of his friend Sandy Seale. He was released after 10 years when someone else confessed to the crime. Fortunately for many wrongfully convicted murder suspects, the death sentence has not existed in Canada for many years. One can only imagine how many innocent people were hanged in those days before the truth could come out using modern forensic evidence. David Milgaard, Guy Paul Morin, William Mullins-Johnson, James Driskell, and Thomas Sophonow were other convicted murderers proven later to be innocent and given millions in government compensation to make up for decades spent behind bars. Some were acquitted upon appeal and others were granted special clemency by the Governor General, representing the Canadian Cabinet. Regular Canadian pardons are granted after a waiting period and a successful application by a person who has served all the conditions of a conviction such as a jail sentence, fine, and probation. The waiting period for indictable offences is currently five years and may be increased to ten years if and when Bill C-23 is passed. Read more Click here to get legal advice from local attorneys specializing in the area of law you need. Home Older Posts Need Something Else Click below.... Best Fatburn Answers | Christianity Teachings | Free eBooks Library | Free Marriage Help | Instant Abundance | Mental Success | Mesothelioma Expert Answers | Pick Up Women Guide | Power and Politics in America | Relationships Tips | Workplace Behavior | Best Paying Survey Sites | Asthma Cure Guide | Beginner Blues Guitar | Brighter Teeth | Best Dating Tips | Magnet4power | Micro Home Brewery | Choose Baby Gender | Cure Asthma Guide | Currency Trader Scam | Magnet4power Reviews | Tattoo Fever Reviews | People Search4free Reviews | Clickbank Explained | AnswersPlus.Info Reviews | Blues Guitar for Beginners | 6 Pack Abs Reviews | Cheap Airline Tickets Scam | Bad Breath Explained | How To Blog for Money | How To Fix Credit Explained | Dog Foods That Kill | Dominate Clickbank Reviews | DUI DWI Explained | Reduce Electric Bills Scam | Top Acne Solutions Exposed | Best Paying Online Surveys | Pick Up Hot Girls Today | 7 Minute Fat Loss Workout | Getting Started With Facebook | Facebook Advertising Explained | Free Health and Fitness Guide | Internet Products Closeout | Yahoo Answers Secrets Exposed | Repair Credit Fast and Easy | Getting Started with Squidoo | Craigslist Money Secrets | Free Website Traffic Exposed | Hub Pages Videos | Website Indexing Videos | Show Biz Memory Tricks | Metabolism Secrets to Weightloss | Self Esteem Secrets | Video Creation for Newbies | YouTube Marketing Exposed | Categories Accident Injury Lawyer Best Personal Injury Lawyers Birth Injury Lawyers Cancer Articles Cancer Survival Find Personal Injury Lawyer Head Injury Lawyer Injury Lawyers Injury Victim Forum Personal Injury Personal Injury Claim Lawyer Personal Injury Lawyer Personal Injury Lawyer Attorney Personal Injury Lawyers Serious Injury Lawyer Total Injury Uncategorized Work Injury Lawyer Work Injury Lawyers Click The Book For Free Bonuses... Privacy|FTC|Legal | Contact Us | Free Stuff | Subscribe RSS Feed Best Personal Injury Lawyers | United States | Copyright 2011 506 queries in 0.490 seconds')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01204', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Top tips when making a brain injury claim Posted by Brain injuries are undeniably multi-faceted. The aftermath that follows having suffered one can leave there victims in a state of bewilderment and anger. The prime focus of family members and loved ones of the victim is usually, and rightly so, placed on providing care and support to allow the victim to make a successful recovery. In the majority of cases, this will leave any notion of making a brain injury claim as a mere afterthought. However, the possibility of a brain injury claim is something that should not be viewed with disdain. A successful brain injury compensation claim could result in a good amount of financial compensation. This compensation could then be put towards medical bills and improving the quality of life that the victim experiences. It may seem daunting to make a brain injury claim, partly as it may act in invoking some kind of closure and a sense of moving on. With this in mind, we have created some top tips to take into account when making a brain injury claim. 1. Seek a specialist As has already been established, brain injuries cases differ an unbelievable amount between each case. Therefore a brain injury claim requires the attention of a brain injury solicitor only a brain injury solicitor will do. Employing a standard solicitor will severely risk the chances of receiving brain injury compensation from a claim. This is purely down to their lack of knowledge surrounding brain injuries. While they will undoubtedly possess a legal nous, it is almost certain that there medical knowledge will be limited if not nonexistent. Read more Click here to get legal advice from local attorneys specializing in the area of law you need. Home Automobile Accident Lawyer How Can You Choose The Right Person Posted by Automobile accidents are pretty serious road mishaps that can lead to dangerous repercussions. Such accidents usually involve collision with one or more automobiles. Reasons behind such accidents can be many. They are generally unforeseen. After a severe automobile accident, an individual generally approaches his insurance company to get the money to cover the expenses related to the mishap. Very few people realize the fact that sometimes there are many other factors that need to be thought of after a road accident. Many insurance companies try to fool around and do not let a person to get the compensation amount that he deserves to get. Some of the most common types of automobile accidents have been explained as follows Car accident This type of accidents happen pretty frequently. This entails hit and run cases, drunk-driving DUI cases, rear-end hit cases, etc. Car mishaps may lead to severe casualties, death too. Those who survive a severe car accident might have to take help of pricey medical measures that necessitate long-term expenses. Motorcycle accident This is another kind of automobile accident that requires one to seek legal measure. Motorcycle riders have similar rights to ply on the roads as any other type of mode of transport has. Truck accident This is one of the most dangerous road mishaps that result in grave outcomes. It involves collision between one or more heavy vehicles like trucks, buses, etc. Read more Click here to get legal advice from local attorneys specializing in the area of law you need. Home When to Contact an Atlanta Car Accident Attorney Following a Collision Posted by Whenever people are involved in an auto accident, their first concern is on their physical and psychological wellbeing, as well as the safety of their passengers and anyone else involved in the crash and rightfully so. After the shock of the accident has worn off, people s thoughts turn to their damaged cars their car as well as the inevitable insurance payments they will have to face. Many people fail to think about contacting an Atlanta car accident attorney as soon as possible because they are preoccupied with the accident. However, when it comes to hiring a personal injury lawyer, time is of the essence. Here s why Statute of limitations . Perhaps the most important reason to contact an Atlanta car accident attorney as soon as possible is because there is a statute of limitations when it comes to taking legal action following a car crash. Each state has different time limits that they impose, but taking immediate action is the best way to ensure you are within these parameters no matter where you live. Know your rights . The best way for accident victims to learn their rights is through the counsel of an experienced Atlanta car accident attorney. These lawyers will review your case and determine if you have the grounds to file a lawsuit. They will also help you understand if you are entitled to compensation including the costs of medical treatment, loss of work, and other wages. The sooner you know your rights, the quicker you can move forward with any legal action and ultimately move forward with your life. Read more Click here to get legal advice from local attorneys specializing in the area of law you need. Home Attacked in the parking lot! Who is Liable Posted by If you live in a big city, it is likely that there is a somewhat high rate of crime. Obviously, there is crime in every city, but it is much more common to be assaulted in some way when you live in a big city. When you are attacked, it can be confusing and hard to know what you should do next. It is important that you follow a few suggestions so that you are not stuck with the medical bills and loss of property that you suffer from the attack. One of the first things that you will want to do after you have been attacked in a parking lot is to contact the police. If possible, you will want to contact the police immediately after the incident occurs. The police will likely come out to the crime scene to do an investigation of what happened and create a police report. It is essential that you get a police report filed so that you have something other than your own word if you have to go to court. The police report will likely include statements from witnesses that were present at the time of the incident and any other details that need to be noted. You will want to make sure that you make the police put in the report details about the scene. Were there lights in the parking lot that were burned out Did the security cameras on the lot pick up anything unusual Details like this can be very important in a court case to determine liability and who is ultimately going to pay for your lost possessions or injuries. The next person that you will want to contact is a doctor. This is very important, especially if you sustained injuries during the attack. Have the doctor look over the areas that were affected and make sure they write down anything that is unusual. These details are some of the most important because they may play a part in how much money you are entitled to. After you visit a physician to look at your injuries, you will want to speak with a lawyer. Hiring an El Paso personal injury attorney may be the most important step of the process as he or she will be able to walk you through the legal process and help you get the money you deserve. There are a variety of people that may be liable to pay for your injuries depending on the situation and what happened, so it is important to sit down with your lawyer and find out what options you have. If there were insufficient security measures in the parking lot at the time you were attacked, the lot s owners may be liable for some or all of your property loss and/or medical expenses. Read more Click here to get legal advice from local attorneys specializing in the area of law you need. Home What happens during an accident claim Posted by Accident claim a process not short of any publicising but at the same time one that not everyone has a full understanding of. Many people will be well aware of the circumstances that make an accident eligible for an accident claim. What they may be less aware of is what happen during an accident claim To recap, an accident claim can be lodged if a victim has sustained their personal injury because of the negligence or lack of care displayed by another party. If successful the claimant could be in line to receive compensation and extra payment to cover loss of earnings, medical costs and the like. Those who are unsure of whether their accident claim could warrant financial compensation would be well advised to consult a serious injury law firm. Serious injury law firms for the most part employ accident claims solicitors of the highest quality, therefore they will be able to utilise their own experience to determine whether a claimant s case is eligible. Once conclusive, on whether making an accident claim is the right course of action to take, the case is then passed onto an accident claims solicitor. Using a wealth of knowledge and expertise, the solicitor will brief the client on the claims process, providing reassurance and advice. Amongst the many things that many serious injury law firms will provide are dedicated case managers. The kind of issues that these dedicated case managers will offer includes Dedicated one on one management consultations on the actual case. A full assessment of the injured party s needs. An identification of the people important to delivering any needed services that may be required. An on going review and reassessment of any suggestions during the case. It is important that if making a claim it is done soon after the actual injury has been sustained. This improves the likelihood of the case being successful because of the availability of both evidence and witnesses to substantiate a claim. The longer a claim is stalled upon, the harder it is to call on possible witnesses and evidence that could be crucial in helping to decide a case. Read more Click here to get legal advice from local attorneys specializing in the area of law you need. Home Older Posts Need Something Else Click below.... Best Fatburn Answers | Christianity Teachings | Free eBooks Library | Free Marriage Help | Instant Abundance | Mental Success | Mesothelioma Expert Answers | Pick Up Women Guide | Power and Politics in America | Relationships Tips | Workplace Behavior | Best Paying Survey Sites | Asthma Cure Guide | Beginner Blues Guitar | Brighter Teeth | Best Dating Tips | Magnet4power | Micro Home Brewery | Choose Baby Gender | Cure Asthma Guide | Currency Trader Scam | Magnet4power Reviews | Tattoo Fever Reviews | People Search4free Reviews | Clickbank Explained | AnswersPlus.Info Reviews | Blues Guitar for Beginners | 6 Pack Abs Reviews | Cheap Airline Tickets Scam | Bad Breath Explained | How To Blog for Money | How To Fix Credit Explained | Dog Foods That Kill | Dominate Clickbank Reviews | DUI DWI Explained | Reduce Electric Bills Scam | Top Acne Solutions Exposed | Best Paying Online Surveys | Pick Up Hot Girls Today | 7 Minute Fat Loss Workout | Getting Started With Facebook | Facebook Advertising Explained | Free Health and Fitness Guide | Internet Products Closeout | Yahoo Answers Secrets Exposed | Repair Credit Fast and Easy | Getting Started with Squidoo | Craigslist Money Secrets | Free Website Traffic Exposed | Hub Pages Videos | Website Indexing Videos | Show Biz Memory Tricks | Metabolism Secrets to Weightloss | Self Esteem Secrets | Video Creation for Newbies | YouTube Marketing Exposed | Categories Accident Injury Lawyer Best Personal Injury Lawyers Birth Injury Lawyers Cancer Articles Cancer Survival Find Personal Injury Lawyer Head Injury Lawyer Injury Lawyers Injury Victim Forum Personal Injury Personal Injury Claim Lawyer Personal Injury Lawyer Personal Injury Lawyer Attorney Personal Injury Lawyers Serious Injury Lawyer Total Injury Uncategorized Work Injury Lawyer Work Injury Lawyers Click The Book For Free Bonuses... Privacy|FTC|Legal | Contact Us | Free Stuff | Subscribe RSS Feed Best Personal Injury Lawyers | United States | Copyright 2011 506 queries in 0.417 seconds')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01205', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Some of the things you need to look for when choosing an attorney Posted by What are some of the things you need to look for when choosing an attorney to represent your interest in case of an accident If history is anything to go by, we all know that over the past decades victims of accidents, i.e. construction accidents, car accidents, 18 wheeler accidents and slip and fall accidents have been handsomely rewarded for their injuries. This has led to an upsurge of ambulance chaser attorneys whose main aim is to get rich quick from your settlement awards. Therefore, when choosing Las Vegas accident attorney , it is important that you take certain factors into consideration to ensure the person representing you has your interest at heart. Having recognized the challenges that accidents victims go through, the article seeks to offer guidelines on how to make an informed decision when in the market for one. Tips and guidelines Charges There are millions of accident victims who suffer in silence given that they cannot afford legal fees. Unknown to them that a majority of Las Vegas accident attorney uses what is known as contingency fee. This is whereby, the attorney gets his pay after the settlement has been awarded by deducting a certain percentage from the final amount. However, other expenses, i.e. hiring expert witnesses are met by the client. Furthermore, there are free legal aid clinics that will readily take up a case if you prove you cannot afford an attorney. Therefore, before giving up make sure that you have checked how the law firm you are about to hire charges. Reference Getting a good Las Vegas accident attorney to represent your interest will hinge on the reference that you use. In case you do not know an attorney in person, then the best reference to utilize is the American Bar Association. Visit the nearest office where for a small amount of money they will give you contact details of attorneys based in your area. Read more Click here to get legal advice from local attorneys specializing in the area of law you need. Home Treating Knee Pains Posted by Everyone can experience knee pains. This is a problem because it can cause a delay to our daily chores. And there s more problem with this because a lot of people do not know how to treat knee pains. This issue has been most discussed after Zimmer s knee replacement system got a high failure rate. What causes knee pains Knee pains can be a result of different reasons but its direct cause is our tendonitis. Now, what can we do in order to get away from this pain Actually, we can do something about this even if we are just inside our homes. Of course, a doctor s advice is important but right ways have already been established in terms of treating this kind of dilemma. Now, here s what you need to do. First, you have to understand why your knee is in pain. An inflammation is actually the one causing us pain. Where is this inflammation coming from It is the patella tendon also called knee tendon. Now, here s what you have to do in order to relieve this pain coming from the inflammation of the knee tendon. On your lower knee, try putting an ice pack. Please never use an ice directly on your skin. If you do not have an ice pack, you can use ice but cover it with a towel. In order to help you get away from this knee pain, you can do strectching. With your legs straight out in front of you, you can reach for them with your two hands. Do this for ten seconds and repeat for a few times. Furthermore, in order to avoid this in future situations, stop doing certain activities that can damage your knees. Leg squatting and leg extension exercises should be avoided. Remember that you have to be careful every time you are using the stairs. Hold on to the railings. If it is available, just use the elevator. Taking care of our knees is very important especially when it is in pain. This just show how important our knees are because our knees are essential in taking us places. We can link this idea as to why people kept on fighting for a zimmer knee recall to happen. In this area, one way of helping is to file for a lawsuit if you are one of those people who have been installed with the Zimmer Cr-flex knee device. If more and more affected people file for a lawsuit, the public and the right agencies will be notified and a recall will be put into action. So, if you have been affected, contact a lawyer today. Your situation can be assessed without any fees unless you win. Read more Click here to get legal advice from local attorneys specializing in the area of law you need. Home Types of disability Insurance Posted by Your inability to perform your current job due to an accident or a disease would be covered under disability insurance policy. Many workers still could not conceive of a scenario where they are incapacitated and as a result their ability to earn is lost or left bare minimum. Apart from the physical trauma you will also have to undergo the mental trauma of being in this situation and don t know a way out of it. The situation can get worse and only a disability insurance policy could come to your rescue. There are different types of disability insurance policies based on the end use of funds attained through insurance company. Let us further study these different types of disability insurance in little more detail. When we are in our prime and earning well we have no doubt in our future abilities to earn more or at least maintain our current standard of earning. It is normal to buy your home on a mortgage and take loans for buying a car or even have an outstanding on your credit card. A sudden accident can change the entire dynamics against you. These liabilities still hold good but the problem will be that you won t be able to earn and repay these liabilities. Many people have no choice but to declare them bankrupt in this kind of a situation. If you had taken a disability insurance things would have been much better at least on the financial front. The different types on disability insurance policies which could help you are as following Mortgage Disability Insurance It is very normal to buy homes against mortgage loans. And it is also a fact that more people foreclose their homes due to disability than any other reason. Mortgage disability insurance policies are designed in such a way that in case of a permanent disability they could take care of your mortgage. Credit Disability Insurance An average earning individual would have taken different loans with all the intention to pay it back. But what happens the same individual if he has met with an accident, and though has managed to save life but not is earning abilities. His intension to pay would be still there but ability to pay would be missing. Your non-ability pay doesn t hold any hold for the loan company they are still entitled to recover all their dues through legal means. Credit disability insurance is your only way out of this situation. By going through the above details you would now be in a better position to understand requirement and necessity to have a disability insurance policy and the different policy options you have. Read more Click here to get legal advice from local attorneys specializing in the area of law you need. Home Pharmaceutical Malpractice Attorney Posted by The connection between Yasmin and Yaz birth control and serious medical implications such as heart attack, stroke, blood clots, bladder problems and even death has often been overlooked by patients, family and doctors. As Yasmin and Yaz birth control lawsuits mount, doctors are beginning to pay more attention to the possible connection as patients are demanding action. If you feel that you or someone you love has experienced a negative side effect that resulted from the use of Yasmin or Yaz birth control, it is important to speak with your doctor and then consult with a pharmaceutical malpractice attorney . The basis for birth control lawsuits related to Yaz is that the maker of Yaz, Bayer Corporation, conducted ad campaigns that claimed the Yaz birth control pill had a wide range of uses in addition to being a birth control method. The ad campaign claimed the medication could help alleviate such things as acne, mood swings and other conditions associated with menstruation. The ads also claimed that there were minimal side effects. The FDA found this to be misleading advertising and that they overstated the effectiveness of the birth control pill. It is reported that Bayer paid around $20 million dollars to correct the misrepresentations. The FDA claimed that Bayer had overstated the benefits of Yaz and downplayed its risks. More recent bad news for Bayer, is that according to a recent study in the British Medical Journal, Yaz is three times more likely to cause fatal blood clots than older contraceptives. Ask a pharmaceutical malpractice attorney for advice on how to properly pursue a course of action if you have experienced any of these negative side effects as a result of using Yasmin and Yaz birth control. In the rare event that a patient taking the birth pill control suffers complications that lead to death, the family can pursue a wrongful death or malpractice suit against those responsible. Malpractice suits are those in which the professionals or corporations at hand have been negligent in providing the expected level of care that the patients and families expect. The medical field is where most malpractice claims occur, including suits brought against pharmaceutical giants. In summary, Yasmin and Yaz birth control have been the subject of multiple federal lawsuits against the Bayer Corporation, and the suits allege that the company failed to warn women and their medical providers of the increased risk of injury associated with the pills. Compensation may be due if you have been harmed by negative side effects of this drug. Compensation can be in the form of repayment of medical costs that have been incurred, the cost of rehabilitation services and loss of income both past and future. If the patient suffering from side effects has died as a result, the family may be able to sue for compensation in the form of lost wages and funeral expenses. Contact a pharmaceutical malpractice attorney for advice on your next step. Read more Click here to get legal advice from local attorneys specializing in the area of law you need. Home Sherrington Law Staying Positive During a Spinal Injury Claim Posted by The implications that a spinal injury has on its victim are extremely severe. They can hit the victim both physically and emotionally. Some of the most serious spinal injuries can also lead to lengthy spells of rehabilitation required to deal with the often alien circumstances. Though undoubtedly difficult, this should be no reason to be negative. A successful spinal injury claim could prove to be the light at the end of the tunnel. Though in the case of many spinal injuries, which see leave the victim without the most basic bodily functions that most take for granted, financial compensation from a spinal injury claim may seem scant. Financial compensation from a successful spinal injury claim could be put towards improving the quality of life experienced by the victim of a spinal injury. The shortfalls inevitably caused by having to re-adjust to a new situation could in-effect be covered by compensation this could remove the pressure and strain brought about by a spinal injury. The first thing to do, for this type of accident claim , is to seek out a specialist spinal injury solicitor. Finding a specialist in the area of spinal injury claims can be difficult. However, it is important to note that a good spinal injury solicitor will be an asset when making an accident claim. As already established it can be difficult to find a good specialist capable of taking on a spinal injury claim case. They aren t impossible to find though. A good amount of research into serious injury law firms and the services they offer will usually be enough to find a good spinal injury solicitor. No matter how difficult the search to find a specialist capable of dealing with a spinal injury claim becomes, it is imperative that you seek the services of a professional. Standard solicitors just aren t experienced in dealing with the complex issues that surround spinal injuries claims, hence the specialist tag. Employing a standard solicitor for a spinal injury claim would be an extremely careless thing to do and could seriously damage the chances of the case being successful. Read more Click here to get legal advice from local attorneys specializing in the area of law you need. Home Older Posts Need Something Else Click below.... Best Fatburn Answers | Christianity Teachings | Free eBooks Library | Free Marriage Help | Instant Abundance | Mental Success | Mesothelioma Expert Answers | Pick Up Women Guide | Power and Politics in America | Relationships Tips | Workplace Behavior | Best Paying Survey Sites | Asthma Cure Guide | Beginner Blues Guitar | Brighter Teeth | Best Dating Tips | Magnet4power | Micro Home Brewery | Choose Baby Gender | Cure Asthma Guide | Currency Trader Scam | Magnet4power Reviews | Tattoo Fever Reviews | People Search4free Reviews | Clickbank Explained | AnswersPlus.Info Reviews | Blues Guitar for Beginners | 6 Pack Abs Reviews | Cheap Airline Tickets Scam | Bad Breath Explained | How To Blog for Money | How To Fix Credit Explained | Dog Foods That Kill | Dominate Clickbank Reviews | DUI DWI Explained | Reduce Electric Bills Scam | Top Acne Solutions Exposed | Best Paying Online Surveys | Pick Up Hot Girls Today | 7 Minute Fat Loss Workout | Getting Started With Facebook | Facebook Advertising Explained | Free Health and Fitness Guide | Internet Products Closeout | Yahoo Answers Secrets Exposed | Repair Credit Fast and Easy | Getting Started with Squidoo | Craigslist Money Secrets | Free Website Traffic Exposed | Hub Pages Videos | Website Indexing Videos | Show Biz Memory Tricks | Metabolism Secrets to Weightloss | Self Esteem Secrets | Video Creation for Newbies | YouTube Marketing Exposed | Categories Accident Injury Lawyer Best Personal Injury Lawyers Birth Injury Lawyers Cancer Articles Cancer Survival Find Personal Injury Lawyer Head Injury Lawyer Injury Lawyers Injury Victim Forum Personal Injury Personal Injury Claim Lawyer Personal Injury Lawyer Personal Injury Lawyer Attorney Personal Injury Lawyers Serious Injury Lawyer Total Injury Uncategorized Work Injury Lawyer Work Injury Lawyers Click The Book For Free Bonuses... Privacy|FTC|Legal | Contact Us | Free Stuff | Subscribe RSS Feed Best Personal Injury Lawyers | United States | Copyright 2011 511 queries in 1.733 seconds')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01206', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Factors that brain injury compensation takes into account when deciding an amount Posted by A brain injury that wasn t your fault means you are almost certainly entitled to compensation. A brain injury case can often be detailed and your solicitor should take you through all the steps required to make a brain injury claim. The first appointment with your solicitor can include close supportive family members and should go through everything that you need to know. Your solicitor should be aware of your rights and should be highly experienced in brain injury claims. You and your family members should be prepared with all the questions that you need to ask. Your solicitor will require a medical report so that they can fully assess the situation. Very often your solicitor will look at your specific injuries and what impact it will have on the rest of your life. Not only will physical injuries be taken into consideration, but the mental and emotional impact that your injuries have had, as well as how much work you lost as a direct result. Very often in brain injury cases, your solicitor deducts none of the compensation awarded; the insurance company will often cover their costs. You will not lose out financially in your claim what so ever, providing that you work with a trusted and experienced solicitor. All claims are completely different, so it is hard to determine a set amount of compensation for your case. In serious cases that have resulted in lifetime care, claimants are said to have been awarded as much as 1 million. There are some very rough guidelines that can be followed with regards to payouts in brain injury compensation . Read more Click here to get legal advice from local attorneys specializing in the area of law you need. Home Why you should make a personal injury claim following an accident that was not your fault Posted by If you have had an accident that wasn t your fault, you may be entitled to compensation. Don t ignore your accident, making an accident claim means you could receive what you deserve compensation for your injuries. Personal claims are not only related to physical injuries, a claimant can ask for compensation for emotional and mental injuries alike. In serious cases, claimants are often left with injuries that have since had an impact on their every day life. This is not, however, always the case and many claims made have led to full recoveries. Claiming for compensation does not have to be stressful or difficult. The first step to making an accident claim is to make sure that you have sought medical advice and made yourself aware of your entitlements by union organisations. Seeking professional advice will leave you in good stead. It will help you to seek the right injury solicitor and leave you knowing what you are entitled to and how best to explain your claim. Make sure that you have as much evidence as possible including names, dates and even photographic evidence, all this will go towards supporting your case and putting you in a stronger position. In a road traffic accident, for example, you must have reported your claim to the police. Many law firms have their own website, so doing your research beforehand means that you can look at their case studies and history. A firm that is open and honest about previous cases they have handled will make you feel secure in their hands. Choosing the right solicitor is vital in a personal injury case. The right solicitor will have previous accident claim experience and will know how best to put your case together. Read more Click here to get legal advice from local attorneys specializing in the area of law you need. Home The Largest Ever Payouts for Personal Injury Claims Posted by You may be entitled to compensation if you have had an accident that wasn t your fault. Each year companies and individuals pay out compensation to those affected on the road, at home, at work or on holiday. As long your injuries were not your fault, you can seek the advice of a solicitor to put together your case. Each claim is unique and the payout depends entirely on the situation and the injuries incurred. No two accident claims are ever the same, as small factors can change each individual situation. Cases in which the payout reaches a substantial sum often make it to the media. These often involve injuries that have caused the claimant life long suffering mentally, physically or emotionally. Often the claimants are affected in their every day lives as a result. These are just some examples of large payouts as a result of serious accident claims. According to This Is Bristol, a teenager was awarded a substantial sum after making a brain injury claim said to have been caused by a local GP at birth. Marcus Glassenbury was left with cerebral palsy, which is said to be caused by the brain injury he incurred just after his birth. The cerebral palsy was a direct result of his brain injuries. Similar brain injury cases are said to have won more than 1 million in compensation. A medical researcher who suffered brain damage after waiting almost two hours for an ambulance is said to be receiving a multi million pound payout, according to the Islington Tribune. Caren Paterson is now in a brain injury clinic and is said to have round the clock care as a direct result of her injuries. Medical staff did not treat her sooner as they were waiting for police back up. According to the Islington Tribune, a similar case was awarded 4 million after medical staff failed to spot a brain hemorrhage in Cristina Malcolm. Read more Click here to get legal advice from local attorneys specializing in the area of law you need. Home How to win a personal injury claim Posted by In a confusing world of accident claim, terms such as no win, no fee and 100% compensation can be confusing and daunting. You can be successful in claiming compensation for personal injury, but only if you have a strong case and the right law firm to help you. Accident claims cover a variety of cases including mental, physical or emotional damage. Not only at work, these can be accidents that have occurred on holiday, at home or on the road. The most obvious requirement to making your claim is that the accident must not be your fault. First of all, do not the make mistake of thinking that you will have the same results as previous cases. Your claim is unique and will have its own factors that will affect your claim and compensation. Discuss these with your solicitor and ask as many questions as you need to. Explore a solicitors no win, no fee policy further. Look at their conditions. If your solicitor really claims no win, no fee, you will not pay a fee if your case is lost. If you win your case, however, you will be required to pay your a solicitor a success fee. Your first point of call would be to research personal injury solicitors online, discuss your case and find out which solicitor can help you the most. Here are our top tips to win a personal injury claim Read more Click here to get legal advice from local attorneys specializing in the area of law you need. Home Compensation process made easy by the Personal Injury Lawyers Posted by Whenever you need legal help, it is always advisable to approach the right people and professionals who are in the industry for a long time especially when it comes to personal injury claims. There are professional personal injury lawyers in and around Brisbane who would provide you the right guidance in a case and offer advices on specific situations. These lawyers are specialized in areas like Work Injury Claims, Negligence Claims, Liability Claims, Motor Claims and Compensation. Cases are handled differently in each of these categories. One should be a part time, casual or a full time employee before he or she files for Workers Injury Claims. You can claim under the Worker s Compensation Act wherein you would be covered with all medical expenses, treatment charges, wages and lump sum payment as a result of your injury during your period of work. Your personal injury lawyers would guide you through this process. The personal injury claims would find faster and beneficial results if they are handled according to the personal injury law. These lawyers are also experts in handling the most complicated cases such as the Negligence Claims. Many aspects are considered including the government regulation pertaining to various areas of negligence. Your personal injury lawyer would help you document your claim in case your medical practitioner had not exercised his or her Duty of Care properly. A variety of personal injury claims with regards to Liability Claims are also handled by these lawyers. Public liability claims are very common wherein a person suffers from an injury inside a home or on the road due to faulty workmanship. Slip and fall injuries also come under this category. The personal injury lawyers would help you determine whether or not you are eligible for compensation in all cases including Accident Compensation. The personal injury claims due to Motor Accidents are also handled by these lawyers. They take up cases with regards to any injury occurred due to faulty driving, driving due to negligence, car crash and the like. These lawyers would help you make the accident claim as well as seek compensation. Read more Click here to get legal advice from local attorneys specializing in the area of law you need. Home Older Posts Need Something Else Click below.... Best Fatburn Answers | Christianity Teachings | Free eBooks Library | Free Marriage Help | Instant Abundance | Mental Success | Mesothelioma Expert Answers | Pick Up Women Guide | Power and Politics in America | Relationships Tips | Workplace Behavior | Best Paying Survey Sites | Asthma Cure Guide | Beginner Blues Guitar | Brighter Teeth | Best Dating Tips | Magnet4power | Micro Home Brewery | Choose Baby Gender | Cure Asthma Guide | Currency Trader Scam | Magnet4power Reviews | Tattoo Fever Reviews | People Search4free Reviews | Clickbank Explained | AnswersPlus.Info Reviews | Blues Guitar for Beginners | 6 Pack Abs Reviews | Cheap Airline Tickets Scam | Bad Breath Explained | How To Blog for Money | How To Fix Credit Explained | Dog Foods That Kill | Dominate Clickbank Reviews | DUI DWI Explained | Reduce Electric Bills Scam | Top Acne Solutions Exposed | Best Paying Online Surveys | Pick Up Hot Girls Today | 7 Minute Fat Loss Workout | Getting Started With Facebook | Facebook Advertising Explained | Free Health and Fitness Guide | Internet Products Closeout | Yahoo Answers Secrets Exposed | Repair Credit Fast and Easy | Getting Started with Squidoo | Craigslist Money Secrets | Free Website Traffic Exposed | Hub Pages Videos | Website Indexing Videos | Show Biz Memory Tricks | Metabolism Secrets to Weightloss | Self Esteem Secrets | Video Creation for Newbies | YouTube Marketing Exposed | Categories Accident Injury Lawyer Best Personal Injury Lawyers Birth Injury Lawyers Cancer Articles Cancer Survival Find Personal Injury Lawyer Head Injury Lawyer Injury Lawyers Injury Victim Forum Personal Injury Personal Injury Claim Lawyer Personal Injury Lawyer Personal Injury Lawyer Attorney Personal Injury Lawyers Serious Injury Lawyer Total Injury Uncategorized Work Injury Lawyer Work Injury Lawyers Click The Book For Free Bonuses... Privacy|FTC|Legal | Contact Us | Free Stuff | Subscribe RSS Feed Best Personal Injury Lawyers | United States | Copyright 2011 506 queries in 0.380 seconds')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01207', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Can I claim for a personal injury when I\'ve suffered a burn Posted by Burns can cause damage to skin that lasts a lifetime. Unfortunately, burns are quite common with over 150,000 cases of accident and emergency visits each year. Burns can be down to the negligence of someone else and in this case you can make a personal injury claim, especially as burns are so severe. That is why if you have suffered a burn you can claim for a personal injury. Burn injuries commonly happen in the workplace. These common accidents include poorly wired electrics businesses have a responsibility to have offices correctly wired , workplace fires need clear hazard signs , hot machinery that should also come with a warning , radiation, handling of hot liquids and objects, inhalation of toxic fumes need protective headwear and clothing to prevent this . There are also three main types of burn Superficial burns are red but only hit the skins surface. Partial thickness burns go in deeper and are more damaging to your skin. These will dry red and eventually go blotchy. Full thickness burns occur when all skin layers are burned. This affected area will turn a different colour. It is best, if these burns have occurred though the fault of someone else or which could have been prevented if correct safety procedures had been introduced, to consult a personal injury lawyer who specialises in injuries as a result of negligence or burn injuries in general. Personal injury lawyers expect you to provide evidence of the injury such as medical reports and x rays and pictures of the burn as well as proof the other party was responsible. The injury lawyer will try their best to get your claim to court and win compensation for you, especially if it has affected your life. They will make sure the company or person responsible was wrong under law and that caused your personal injury. Burn cases tend to be no win, no fee . So if you win the personal injury claim you will receive compensation for injuries suffered, future treatment you may need in the future, loss of earnings or loss of job, medical bills as well as emotional trauma and family care. All this depends on the severity of the burn injury. Employers are obliged by law to ensure safe working conditions and it is this key factor your personal injury lawyer can emphasise to win the case. Also common, is what is known as an internal burn . These are through airways and lungs and symptoms include sore throat, burnt tongues as a result of eating hot foods, wheezing, inhaling soot or fumes. Again you can file a personal injury claim if these are the result of negligence. The company you work for may have an environment where you are inhaling fumes or your skin may burn if exposed to radiation. You can claim for a personal injury when you have suffered a burn, but only if it is the fault of someone else. If you were not alerted of workplace hazards, subjected to an environment that caused skin injuries, had toxic chemicals spilt on you or been in a workplace fire that was caused by the company, then you can lodge a claim. The best way to progress forward from here would be hiring a personal injury lawyer who will try to make sure you get 100% of the compensation and any extra add-ons. This is why it is important to establish whether or not you can make a claim because if it was your own fault or an unpreventable accident it will be more difficult to make a personal injury claim for a burn injury. Read more Click here to get legal advice from local attorneys specializing in the area of law you need. Home Were you injured as a pedestrian Posted by These days Britain s roads are busier than ever before with over 30 million cars on the road. Inevitably this has led to a rise in pedestrian accidents. Over 25,000 people are injured every year on Britain s roads. The pedestrian crossing is the most common place for injury on the roads. There are more accidents when a car is doing a speed of 30mph or less, but this leads to less serious injuries but more claims for personal injury compensation. Indeed, children are more likely to be involved in pedestrian accidents as they are less likely to know much about traffic and run into roads. The driver should be aware of pedestrians walking on pavements and standing at pedestrian crossings, especially during traffic light changes. If you are a pedestrian and can sufficiently prove that you were not responsible for the injury then you have a good case for claiming compensation. You need to establish the scale of your injuries first and determine that your injuries were not the result of you walking in front of a car. Make sure you were not walking in the road as any hopes of getting compensation would be dashed if the driver can prove this. When this has been established you should visit a Doctor, even as a precautionary measure. You will need to record all your visits to the Doctor and anything else that relates to the accident. The more proof of the scale of the injury this shows the more compensation you will receive. Therefore it is best to file a claim as quickly as possible and you will need to contact a personal injury lawyer who specialises in this area. Personal injury lawyers can greatly strengthen your case for compensation. The Personal injury lawyer will develop a case with strong arguments, which is why it is important to have documents such as Hospital visits and medical bills. The personal injury claim will then be established and the personal injury lawyer may bring in eyewitnesses which can greatly enhance your case. The personal injury lawyer therefore is integral if you feel you are entitled to compensation for an accident as a pedestrian that was not your fault. Pedestrian injuries are more common in busy areas and at busy crossings. Accidents are inevitable as there is always going to be one bad driver who misjudges the situation and ends up knocking down a pedestrian. There is nothing more frustrating for the Motorist than a pedestrian slowing down their journey so it is important to establish if you have suffered a pedestrian injury that you were in no way the cause of your own accident. If you were crossing the road when the light turned green you may find it harder to gain compensation. Nonetheless, if you know it was not your fault then hiring a personal injury lawyer should reassure you that all is being done to get you the compensation that you feel you deserve. N Glover writes information and advice about legal services including personal injury and information for personal injury lawyers . For more information please visit http //www.personal-injurylawyer.co.uk Read more Click here to get legal advice from local attorneys specializing in the area of law you need. Home Which personal injuries are classed as catastrophic, and how do you go about getting compensation Posted by Catastrophic personal injuries are usually best demonstrated by medical evidence and the amount of medical treatment the victim has had. These injuries are life changing and therefore a pursuit of compensation is the most important things to cover for medical bills, the costs of treatment, and any trauma suffered as a result. Legal action should be undertaken no more than three years from the emergence of symptoms from the injury. You should hire a personal injury lawyer to see to your case, if you can establish it was caused by the negligence of someone else they will work to get you the compensation you are entitled. There are five categories of catastrophic injury and these are brain injuries, burns, paralysis, amputation and blindness. Brain injuries are very serious in terms of future quality of life and can be temporary or permanent. If it is permanent there is a greater urgency for compensation if caused by negligence as you will probably never work again and will need future medical bills paid. Vehicle accidents, for example, can cause brain damage and it is important that it is fully established that the accident was not your fault. You will need a full account of events and witness evidence will be absolutely crucial here for your personal injury claim. There should also be medical evidence, your personal injury lawyer will see to this. Paralysis may involve impaired bodily functions in areas such as neck and spinal cord as a result of an accident that could have been prevented. If it leads to a loss of mobility it is more than likely you will not be able to work for a long period of time or ever again. Burns are considered a catastrophic injury because of their severity. If it has happened to a child, for example, the effects can be permanent and so a personal injury claim will be needed. The steps to compensation here would be to hire a skilled lawyer but also to establish the negligence. Burn injury cases tend to be no win no fee . If you were unaware of workplace hazards, handled dangerous substances without any health and safety advice or had something hot spilt on you claiming compensation should not be hard. Negligence will be the key determinant of the personal injury lawyers case. Amputation and blindness mean that a body part is no longer functional and so this is a big case for personal injury lawyers if negligence can be established. Amputation and blindness are serious and it is important to get witnesses to these events as with such a serious case negligence being established is crucial. This can be established on witness evidence alone. Hiring a specialist personal injury lawyer will help with your compensation claim. Because of the lifetime of medical care that may be needed it is crucial you hire someone who knows what they are doing. Research their credentials and the cases they have been involved in. For example a child with severe burns all over their body, who requires nonstop medical attention, should have the best representation and the best evidence of negligence possible. A good personal injury lawyer will make sure of this. These catastrophic injuries stand out because of the effect they have on peoples lives. There are simple things to do to make sure life can be bearable with compensation and this involves establishing the full scale of the accident, obtaining any information showing the scale of injuries and the accident itself, and the most factor of all, hire a specialist personal injury lawyer with knowledge of catastrophic injuries. There are plenty of personal injury lawyers specialising in catastrophic injuries out there, and they are the best means by which to put together a case and gain the compensation you or your loved one deserve. Read more Click here to get legal advice from local attorneys specializing in the area of law you need. Home Top tips for dealing with whiplash Posted by It is in no way difficult to make a personal injury claim for whiplash as the effects can produce a lot of discomfort and pain. Whiplash is mainly caused by car accidents and this is the rapid force of head moving back and forth resulting in muscle and tendon damage. Whiplash is a common accident claim and averages a quarter of a million claims in the UK each year. That is why it is important to understand how to deal with whiplash and how to go forward from there. The first tip to deal with whiplash is to know the symptoms. Symptoms of whiplash injuries often vary. Typical symptoms include stiffness and pain in neck, back and shoulder pain, arm numbness, dizziness and blurred vision, tiredness and concentration problems as well as ringing ears. By knowing the symptoms you can further establish the scale of your claim. You may also need a scan at the hospital and so is best to keep a record of this for your personal injury claim. Then will be the injury claim for whiplash. The effects of whiplash vary greatly. You may have months of discomfort and it may affect your quality of life. It may also affect your regular job and affect your performance. You may therefore feel that you are entitled to compensation. You should make a whiplash injury claim straight away. If it is a road accident you will need the details of the injured party as this will make them contactable, the insurance company contactable and allow better proof of cause of accident that led to the injury. An important step is to hire a personal injury lawyer one who specialises in whiplash cases. This will help you with the process of claiming compensation for the injury. The Solicitor s duty is to win compensation and they will stop at nothing to insure that, so there are no further worries as to how your claim will develop. You should also carry the results from the hospital with you such as type of scan, date of admittance and the name of the Doctor who treated you. These are the tools the Solicitor needs to build your case and armed with proof it would be hard for you not to win the claim if you have these important documents with you. If you win you will get 100% of the compensation as all bills and costs are paid by those who lose the case. If you lose, the solicitor pays your costs so there really is nothing to lose with a personal injury claim. Therefore, these tips for dealing with whiplash are quite straightforward. You need to be aware of the symptoms you have and if needs be get a medical report from the Doctor who treats you for whiplash. They will need to weigh up how much it has affected you but the most important thing is to hire a personal injury lawyer who will relieve any worries you have about your case. Read more Click here to get legal advice from local attorneys specializing in the area of law you need. Home The importance of taking photos of a car accident to assist with a claim Posted by Taking photos of a car accident is integral and virtually seals the deal when making a compensation claim. A photo is very useful as it is the main piece of evidence that can convince the insurance company and the court. It can seriously dispel any claim made by the assailant that they did not do it, therefore making it vital that a photograph is taken at the accident scene, as the photograph would show the whole accident. The photo can also show the extent of your injuries. The amount awarded on injury claims often relate to the amount of evidence, and that is why photos are so important. The photo can also show the true extent of the damage to your car. If, for example, you describe the damage backed up by photographic evidence, it is very unlikely you would lose the claim. It is also important to take photos at different angles to allow a full assessment of the damage. You also should take a picture of the car that hit you, as then it would be plain to see by the scale of its damage that they were the car that hit you. This should also cover the road, in case of any debris or parts of the car that are on the road, again establishing the scale of the accident. These should be zoomed in and out and taken from a distance. Finally, the skid marks can also be taken if it was an impact crash, also incorporate photos of any injuries suffered. Photos therefore build a picture of the accident, showing the lawyers the full scale of events and damaged suffered. You should also include the street name and traffic signs. If you could get a photograph of traffic signs it would immensely improve your chances of getting a good payout, especially if there was a specific speed limit or little or heavy traffic, as each show the hazards leading to an accident. Impact photos have been capitalised on by many insurance companies. Some have even encouraged photo documentation and have sent disposable cameras out to customers. Some even include a little notebook or piece of paper to write down extra details. That is why it is strongly encouraged to take photos of a car accident to assist with an accident claim . Photos are great memory refreshers of the accident and may even bring about new details that you had not remembered before. For example, it may identify more damage than you originally made note of at the time. The piecing together of the accident is integral and photos are the best source of visual evidence and can contribute to a successful car accident claim. Read more Click here to get legal advice from local attorneys specializing in the area of law you need. Home Older Posts Need Something Else Click below.... Best Fatburn Answers | Christianity Teachings | Free eBooks Library | Free Marriage Help | Instant Abundance | Mental Success | Mesothelioma Expert Answers | Pick Up Women Guide | Power and Politics in America | Relationships Tips | Workplace Behavior | Best Paying Survey Sites | Asthma Cure Guide | Beginner Blues Guitar | Brighter Teeth | Best Dating Tips | Magnet4power | Micro Home Brewery | Choose Baby Gender | Cure Asthma Guide | Currency Trader Scam | Magnet4power Reviews | Tattoo Fever Reviews | People Search4free Reviews | Clickbank Explained | AnswersPlus.Info Reviews | Blues Guitar for Beginners | 6 Pack Abs Reviews | Cheap Airline Tickets Scam | Bad Breath Explained | How To Blog for Money | How To Fix Credit Explained | Dog Foods That Kill | Dominate Clickbank Reviews | DUI DWI Explained | Reduce Electric Bills Scam | Top Acne Solutions Exposed | Best Paying Online Surveys | Pick Up Hot Girls Today | 7 Minute Fat Loss Workout | Getting Started With Facebook | Facebook Advertising Explained | Free Health and Fitness Guide | Internet Products Closeout | Yahoo Answers Secrets Exposed | Repair Credit Fast and Easy | Getting Started with Squidoo | Craigslist Money Secrets | Free Website Traffic Exposed | Hub Pages Videos | Website Indexing Videos | Show Biz Memory Tricks | Metabolism Secrets to Weightloss | Self Esteem Secrets | Video Creation for Newbies | YouTube Marketing Exposed | Categories Accident Injury Lawyer Best Personal Injury Lawyers Birth Injury Lawyers Cancer Articles Cancer Survival Find Personal Injury Lawyer Head Injury Lawyer Injury Lawyers Injury Victim Forum Personal Injury Personal Injury Claim Lawyer Personal Injury Lawyer Personal Injury Lawyer Attorney Personal Injury Lawyers Serious Injury Lawyer Total Injury Uncategorized Work Injury Lawyer Work Injury Lawyers Click The Book For Free Bonuses... Privacy|FTC|Legal | Contact Us | Free Stuff | Subscribe RSS Feed Best Personal Injury Lawyers | United States | Copyright 2011 506 queries in 1.168 seconds')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01208', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Injuries to the eye where to go for help and compensation Posted by The eye is one of the most important and sensitive parts on a human body. Despite the fact that eyelashes, eyebrows and the sockets of the skull in which they sit, injuries in this area are very common and can be irritating, painful, and can be life altering. Eye injuries can occur in sporting accidents, car crashes and industrial accidents. It is estimated that over 120,000 people sustain personal injuries to their eye each year in the UK. One of the most common eye injuries is when a small object becomes lodged in the outer surface of the eye. Symptoms include pain and associated tears, blurred vision, sensitivity to light, and the eye naturally tries to get rid of the object unsuccessfully. This type of injury usually occurs in an industry using metal or certain materials being grounded down. Under the pressure small shards or parts of the material may fly off and enter the eye at speed. If the industry has not provided you with goggles or eye protection, you can seek a personal injury claim against them for not providing the right health and safety equipment. Eye injuries at work are very common, such as chemicals, steam or fumes irritating the eyes. This can cause burning sensations, loss of vision and redness. For example, kitchen workers can be exposed to hot fat and steam, which can cause serious damage if they enter the eyes. Slips, falls and bumps can often result in an eye injury as the cornea might become ruptured or damaged. Other signs of eye injuries may include extensive bleeding, a line of blood inside the eye visible at the bottom of the cornea, any greyness visible, any visible irregularity, a change in the shape of the pupil and loss of the firmness of the eye. If any of these symptoms occur to you seek medical advice immediately. So, how much could you claim for an eye injury that wasn t your fault Apart from the necessity to have goggles or eye protection in the workplace when needed, it is the employer s job to adequately train workers on how best to protect your eyes in the workplace. Health and safety procedures should be understood, adhered to and have suitable supervision. Personal injury claims such as eye injury vary hugely depending on the damage caused and how long the damage will last. Minor eye injuries that regain a full recovery quite quickly can result in compensation payments between 1,000 and 4,000. When vision is permanently affected and there could be some blindness, the price could rocket to 25,000. If there is the unfortunate incident of total blindness in one eye or both eyes, the personal injury claim could range from 34,000 to 155,000. It is important to remember these compensation payments are just estimates. Depending on your personal injury will depend on what you will be able to claim. If you have experienced an eye injury and want to take put a personal injury claim, seek a personal injury lawyer who will help to settle your case and bring you what you deserve. Read more Click here to get legal advice from local attorneys specializing in the area of law you need. Home Concise Outline Of Choosing An Injury Law Firm Posted by A personal injury law firm deals with individuals who have been hurt or injured due to the negligence or actions of others. Sometimes people are hurt badly, and hire these types of organization to help recoup some money that they feel they are owed for going through such a process. Individuals should make sure they make a good choice in who they hire to represent them. These kinds of lawyers will have been trained in various areas of legal practice, but will most likely only be directly involved with things having to do with tort law. This will be their area of specialization, and they will be quite knowledgeable in it. Clients need not be worried that such professionals will run into serious road bumps related to obscure technicalities. Work injuries are a big part of the practice. This is particularly true if a company was following a policy that was not safe and put an individual at risk. If that individual then gets hurt, he/she probably has the right to sue. This is why most companies put such a high emphasis on being safe. Without this, they can potentially face law suits. Products that don t work right and end up causing harm might also allow one to turn to the legal system for recourse. Toys that have been constructed with toxic material, for example, can cause harm to young children. If the company was aware of this but did not make an effort to change its practices, then it can be sued, often quite severely, for monetary compensation. Even the field of medicine spawns suits against practitioners that do not know what they are doing or that make mistakes. Surgeries that are performed incorrectly, or medication that is given in the wrong dosage, can certainly causes injury, sometimes permanent. People need to be aware of which firms in their area will be available to help them in case this does occur. Automobile accidents often involve people that are under-insured or uninsured. This can become a tangled legal mess when one or the other party suffers injuries. A legal firm that specializes in dealing with this kind of stuff is the way to go. They will be able to represent people and find ways around the problem that will allow a client to move on with his/her life. Read more Click here to get legal advice from local attorneys specializing in the area of law you need. Home Texting Officially Banned for Truck and Bus Drivers Posted by Texting while driving has become a huge problem for law enforcement in the past couple years. Texting while driving makes a driver 23 times more likely to crash compared to focused driving. Not only are the chances for collision higher, but the odds of serious injury are increased as well. Texting and driving has become a widespread issue, with the total number of text messages sent last year totaling over 22 times higher than just four years ago. With such heightened risk, it s no surprise that law enforcement has been looking to crack down on texting and driving. It is estimated by the FMSCA that every time a driver types a text message, they take their eyes off the road for 4.6 out of every 6 seconds. If the driver were going 55 mph, that seemingly quick 4.6 seconds would actually be a football field in distance traveled without once looking at the road. In March, U.S. Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood announced a new federal rule to ban texting while driving specific to truck drivers and commercial bus drivers carrying more than 8 passengers. We want the drivers of big rigs and buses and those who share the roads with them to be safe, said Secretary LaHood. This is an important safety step and we will be taking more to eliminate the threat of distracted driving. The consequence of texting and driving for these truck and bus drivers will be a civil or criminal penalty of up to $2,750. While many groups are showing great support of the new ruling, quite a few groups, such as the American Association for Justice, feel the rule does not go far enough. The final ruling only prohibits personal phones and communication devices, and many groups feel that on-board computers and communications equipment can also be very distracting. This might be a more difficult battle to win, since many operators need to be contacted in cases of emergency and many trucking Associations will want to have their say. Both the American Bus Association as well as the American Trucking Association have shown support for the texting while driving law. If nothing else, this new ruling will help set a precedent for the low tolerance of texting while driving and many feel that an extension to all drivers may be coming soon. Texting and driving has driven up the risk for collision and serious personal injury, therefore banning texting and driving altogether would have little to no consequence. As an experienced Killeen and Waco personal injury attorney , I believe that prevention is the answer to personal injury. Please, stay safe and let the text messages wait. Jeff Davis is the Owner of the Davis law firm and a highly experienced Killeen and Waco personal injury attorney . To find out more information about a Killeen or Waco personal injury lawyer , please visit www.jeffdavislawfirm.com . Read more Click here to get legal advice from local attorneys specializing in the area of law you need. Home What is post traumatic stress Posted by Post traumatic stress affects thousands of people every year. It s a psychological and physical condition that is caused by a distressing and frightening event someone has experienced. According to statistics, it occurs in up to 30% of people who have experienced a personal injury or traumatic event such as a serious road accident, terrorist attack, and military combat or even robbery. The disorder was recognised during World War One when soldiers had distressing and horrific memories and nightmares of their time spent in the trenches and war. People who suffer from post traumatic stress disorder often experiences flashbacks and nightmares, which lead to trouble sleeping, concentrating and feeling detached from everyday life after their for personal injury . Symptoms tend to happen straight after the event occurs but sometimes it takes several months, or even years after the trauma for the disorder to take impact. Post traumatic stress disorder is common in certain groups. For example, one in five fire fighters and one in two female rape victims suffer the disorder due to the horror and helplessness they experience. Anyone can be at risk of post traumatic stress disorder if they are exposed to a traumatic event. Risks such as lack of education, coming from a poor background and even being female make you more vulnerable to the disorder. But what are the symptoms Recurring memories and flashbacks of the trauma that tend to be distressing and because of this, you tend to avoid places, people and conversations that may trigger these flashbacks. Feeling emotionally numb and loosing loving feelings towards loved ones. People suffering the disorder tend to be pessimistic about the future and loose interest in their hobbies and activities they use to enjoy before the event. Difficulty to fall asleep, outbursts of anger, increased vigilance, difficulty concentrating and they are often startled easily by unexpected actions. Don t be alarmed if you feel upset or distressed after a traumatic event, this is natural and tends to ease off over the months. Post traumatic stress individuals have the disorder long term and four out of five people suffer other mental problems such as depression, phobias, or drug and alcohol abuse. On the other hand there are treatments available for those suffering, but if the symptoms are only mild and the trauma happened less than a month ago treatment may not be needed. Medication can be offered to reduce anxiety, but there are non-medication treatments available. Talking treatments such as anxiety management, counselling or group therapy can help sufferers learn how to relax and get back on train with their lives. Cognitive behavioural therapy can be advised, where a specialist will help to change your ways of thinking and create a routine in doing so. However, sufferers should be aware that no treatment will wipe the slate clean and self help will be needed to erase the distressing memories. If a post traumatic stress has occurred to you and you want compensation, a personal injury lawyer can represent your case and claim you money of up to 55,000 if the incident was severe. Ben J White writes about specialist services for brain injury compensation , accident claim, head injury and brain injury solicitors . Source http //www.articletrader.com Source What is post traumatic stress Click here to get legal advice from local attorneys specializing in the area of law you need. Home Personal Injury Claims Against Government Entities Posted by Formulating a personal injury claim against a government entity, including that of a local, state or federal group can be tricky and often times complicated. There are several steps that must be taken to guarantee that your claim can be filed, and that it may proceed within a court of law. So what are these necessary steps, and what how is filing a personal injury claim against a government entity any different than filing that of an average personal injury claim There are many types of personal injuries that can be considered with respects to filing a legal claim. These may include that of medical malpractice, wrongful death, auto and motorcycle injuries and many more. If an individual chooses to file a claim it will most likely be against another individual, group or company. In some cases, that group or entity is backed by or in completeness, a government or government funded entity. There are specific rules and laws that exist when filing a claim against a government entity. This includes that of a Notice of Claim . In most all cases this Notice of Claim must be filed within sixty days of the accident and/or injury. If it has been longer than this, or if you wish to have professional help from an experienced personal injury lawyer it is best to contact them immediately. This Notice of Claim must even be filed in a situations involving that of a federal, state or local government employee no matter how small their matter of involvement may have been. To be sure, contact your El Paso personal injury attorney >El Paso personal injury attorney to get the facts on what you need to do to correctly file your claim. What is a Notice of Claim . This document informs the government that you were injured and are, in fact, proceeding with filing a legal claim. This gives the government a time frame in which to respond. After the response has been sent, your claim will either be accepted or denied completely. Again, with the professional assistance of a legal team, your chances for getting your claim accepted are far higher than doing so without. The seemingly grey area with respects to filing a claim against a government agency is that of government affiliated and/or funded agencies. These are not directly local, state or federal government associations , although they do have some connection with such. Some states treat these affiliates with different laws and regulations, while other lump them all into one. It s best to see where you stand with respects to who you are attempting to file a suit against, prior to filing the claim. Personal injury claims can be complicated enough without adding the additional stresses of it being in relation to a government entity. It is your right as a United States citizen to file a claim against anyone who has caused you injury and/or damages due to negligence even if that anyone is related to or directly that of a government entity. Read more Click here to get legal advice from local attorneys specializing in the area of law you need. Home Older Posts Need Something Else Click below.... Best Fatburn Answers | Christianity Teachings | Free eBooks Library | Free Marriage Help | Instant Abundance | Mental Success | Mesothelioma Expert Answers | Pick Up Women Guide | Power and Politics in America | Relationships Tips | Workplace Behavior | Best Paying Survey Sites | Asthma Cure Guide | Beginner Blues Guitar | Brighter Teeth | Best Dating Tips | Magnet4power | Micro Home Brewery | Choose Baby Gender | Cure Asthma Guide | Currency Trader Scam | Magnet4power Reviews | Tattoo Fever Reviews | People Search4free Reviews | Clickbank Explained | AnswersPlus.Info Reviews | Blues Guitar for Beginners | 6 Pack Abs Reviews | Cheap Airline Tickets Scam | Bad Breath Explained | How To Blog for Money | How To Fix Credit Explained | Dog Foods That Kill | Dominate Clickbank Reviews | DUI DWI Explained | Reduce Electric Bills Scam | Top Acne Solutions Exposed | Best Paying Online Surveys | Pick Up Hot Girls Today | 7 Minute Fat Loss Workout | Getting Started With Facebook | Facebook Advertising Explained | Free Health and Fitness Guide | Internet Products Closeout | Yahoo Answers Secrets Exposed | Repair Credit Fast and Easy | Getting Started with Squidoo | Craigslist Money Secrets | Free Website Traffic Exposed | Hub Pages Videos | Website Indexing Videos | Show Biz Memory Tricks | Metabolism Secrets to Weightloss | Self Esteem Secrets | Video Creation for Newbies | YouTube Marketing Exposed | Categories Accident Injury Lawyer Best Personal Injury Lawyers Birth Injury Lawyers Cancer Articles Cancer Survival Find Personal Injury Lawyer Head Injury Lawyer Injury Lawyers Injury Victim Forum Personal Injury Personal Injury Claim Lawyer Personal Injury Lawyer Personal Injury Lawyer Attorney Personal Injury Lawyers Serious Injury Lawyer Total Injury Uncategorized Work Injury Lawyer Work Injury Lawyers Click The Book For Free Bonuses... Privacy|FTC|Legal | Contact Us | Free Stuff | Subscribe RSS Feed Best Personal Injury Lawyers | United States | Copyright 2011 506 queries in 0.411 seconds')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01209', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Pennsylvania Personal Injury Lawyers At Your Service Posted by Pennsylvania personal injury lawyers ensure to remove any type of injury lawsuit from your shoulders. Finding top notch lawyers can be difficult if you do not have the right sources. Laws are different in every state so you need to cope with different rules and regulations of the state you residing. Before finding a lawyer you might need to check up with the ground rules that will help a lot in the long run. Pennsylvania is one of the advanced states where the law is very strict when it comes to injury matters. You might want to hire a experienced lawyer which knows the laws and regulations of Pennsylvania state. Internet is one of the preferred source through which you can avail such experienced lawyers. There are numerous websites available which can be used to find high class lawyers. Winning is everything when it comes to legal matters. A good track record is what you are looking for in Pennsylvania personal injury lawyers. A good experience with winning rate will help a lot in leading and ending your case in positive manner. Such type of lawyers might have costly fees but it s worth the value as the returns are guaranteed. Pennsylvania personal injury lawyers are present over the internet. All you need to do is find the right type of site that will help you in decent search. You might want to look for certifications and association tags of the lawyer. Those lawyers having membership of various law authorities and associations have high end experience too. They are preferred because of their overall interaction with associations and forum of the law society. Winning cases through these lawyers is easy and refined. Statistics also reveal the same type of information when it comes to selecting lawyers. Pennsylvania Criminal Lawyer is also available through the internet services. Pennsylvania Personal Injury Lawyers therefore prove themselves to be effective for injury cases. The internet also caters to Montgomery County Pa Dui Lawyers which can be hired with ease. Before hiring a lawyer you might want to discuss their fees, in most cases fees and other charges are not mentioned on the website. A lawyer with good reputation and experience is anytime better, you will have the confidence that will boost your case too. Online search proves to be beneficial when finding high class and affordable lawyers for fighting criminal and injury cases. Highway accidents also take place on daily basis, in such situations you might get filed against an injury lawsuit. Fighting such cases is preferred when you have top end lawyers to your side. The situation might be reversed too! You might need to hire a lawyer to fight for injury case against the responsible person. Pennsylvania Criminal Lawyer have successfully represented clients in various complex trials involving more than 50 million dollars in assets. Know all about the best Pennsylvania Personal Injury Lawyers , frequently asked questions, and the applicable DUI penalties. Please call us if you have further questions after reviewing these materials. Read more Click here to get legal advice from local attorneys specializing in the area of law you need. Home Mesothelioma Lawyer How Can One Help Posted by Many of the patients afflicted with mesothelioma are victims of asbestos exposure at work. They may have worked in an environment where they inhaled harmful asbestos fibers. Thus, many feel that responsibility for the workers illnesses should be placed with asbestos manufacturers whose ignorance or negligence likely led to the development of the cancer. Filing an asbestos cancer lawsuit is a common choice for patients suffering from this serious ailment. In order to file such a claim, however, one must first find an experienced mesothelioma lawyer to serve as a guide and advisor throughout the process. To find a high-quality mesothelioma lawyer, one must scrutinize several criteria the attorney s related experience, the lawyer s general reputation, his or her skill as measured by past case success rates, and the individual attorney s personality. Interviewing a mesothelioma lawyer is one of the best ways to understand his/her abilities. Gathering evidence to support the case is very important. This is one of the vital points of case preparation that benefits from an experienced mesothelioma lawyer. Missing minute details can make have huge adverse affects on the case. Specific and accurate information about the time and date of diagnosis, the work conditions which led to the patient s asbestos exposure, witnesses, and medical bills and other expenses must be gathered and documented properly. The specific amount of money awarded in these cases varies based on facts such as severity of manufacturer negligence, patient s mental suffering, physical afflictions, loss of time, labor and money, and more. A mesothelioma lawyer must complete a thorough quantitative analysis to determine the appropriate amount to request from the manufacturer. A mesothelioma lawyer should be familiar with the standard trial process and proceedings. Though many of these types of cases settle out of court, there is the possibility that a case will go to trial, in which case an experienced mesothelioma trial attorney will be imperative. Since these cases are generally tried before a jury, charisma in addition to knowledge and skill will be important. Read more Click here to get legal advice from local attorneys specializing in the area of law you need. Home Mesothelioma Lawyer Services Some Guidelines Posted by Mesothelioma is a type of cancer that affects the lining of organs, often the lungs. Being exposed to asbestos fibers, particularly over long periods of time, can make a person at higher risk for developing this type of cancer. Research has shown that manufacturing workers who deal with asbestos product production are at high risk for development. Thus, mesothelioma is often considered an occupational cancer. Those whose lives are affected by this cancer will face many difficulties during their illnesses. First, the medical treatments required are quite costly and health insurance is not always sufficient to buffer those costs. To make matters worse, patients are often too ill to continuing working, meaning their income disappears as their costs mount. The emotional, physical, and financial suffering of patients and their families can hardly be imagined. Because this disease is usually linked to asbestos exposure on the job, patients can sometimes file claims against asbestos manufacturers for compensation. To help with the complicated legal proceedings, one first must find an experienced asbestos attorney. An asbestos attorney is one whose practice focuses on cases related to asbestos-related cancers. Due to this concentrated focus, an asbestos attorney will be more experienced in and posses more first-hand knowledge of trying this type of case. Choosing the correct asbestos attorney is a prime concern, as it s a decision that can mean the difference between winning and losing a case. It requires intense research and interviews to select an asbestos attorney. Once selected, the asbestos attorney will be required to do some research of his/her own First and foremost, a thorough investigation of the workplace must be executed in order to prove asbestos exposure occurred. An asbestos attorney will also need to gather information related to the medical history of the patient prior to contracting the cancer, to show whether or not the patient was otherwise healthy prior to the cancer diagnosis. Read more Click here to get legal advice from local attorneys specializing in the area of law you need. Home Tips for Finding an Attorney that you can Trust Posted by Sometimes in life you just need to have an attorney represent you. If you re dealing with a bankruptcy, a divorce, tax problems, civil or criminal litigation, or a whole host of other legal issues, it s a good idea to have someone fighting for you who knows the law. A good attorney is your advocate in a complicated legal system. The other side of the table is going to have a team of legal experts working for them, and so should you. Whether you are the plaintiff or the defendant having good legal representation can take a lot of the stress out of an already difficult situation and can help you feel more confident in your chances of having the outcome in court that you desire. Here are some ways that will help you choose an attorney who can help you fight for your rights in court. One of the best ways to find a lawyer that you can trust is by working through a personal referral. If you know someone who has had recent need of a lawyer in your area, and you feel comfortable asking them for advice, ask them who handled their legal situation. Friends, family, neighbors, or coworkers can be a great resource when it comes to finding representation. In fact, the chances that you already know someone who is a lawyer or knows a lawyer personally are pretty high. If you don t feel comfortable asking for advice about finding a lawyer for your particular circumstances, use the internet as a resource. A simple search on the internet can bring up many different attorneys and law firms in your area that may be good candidates to work with. If you are dealing with a specific type of legal problem, such as a bankruptcy, look for a bankruptcy specialist. If you were dealing with a criminal matter, look for a criminal attorney. If you were dealing with a civil matter because of an auto accident or a workplace accident and you lived in Utah, search for a Utah personal injury attorney. After you ve narrowed down your search and you start talking with attorneys in your area, make sure that you read the fine print and that you ask the right questions. Ask about experience in dealing with different legal matters, ask about availability, ask about retainer fees, ask about costs, or ask if they work on a contingency basis if you are dealing with a civil claim. Ask anything that you can think of that will help you get a better idea of what type of service you can expect from that specific law firm. Ron Kramer law group is an experienced legal group representing Utah Personal Injury & accident attorney clients residing in Utah. For your Utah Personal Injury Attorney regarding information visit our website today. Source http //www.articletrader.com Read more Click here to get legal advice from local attorneys specializing in the area of law you need. Home Need Something Else Click below.... Best Fatburn Answers | Christianity Teachings | Free eBooks Library | Free Marriage Help | Instant Abundance | Mental Success | Mesothelioma Expert Answers | Pick Up Women Guide | Power and Politics in America | Relationships Tips | Workplace Behavior | Best Paying Survey Sites | Asthma Cure Guide | Beginner Blues Guitar | Brighter Teeth | Best Dating Tips | Magnet4power | Micro Home Brewery | Choose Baby Gender | Cure Asthma Guide | Currency Trader Scam | Magnet4power Reviews | Tattoo Fever Reviews | People Search4free Reviews | Clickbank Explained | AnswersPlus.Info Reviews | Blues Guitar for Beginners | 6 Pack Abs Reviews | Cheap Airline Tickets Scam | Bad Breath Explained | How To Blog for Money | How To Fix Credit Explained | Dog Foods That Kill | Dominate Clickbank Reviews | DUI DWI Explained | Reduce Electric Bills Scam | Top Acne Solutions Exposed | Best Paying Online Surveys | Pick Up Hot Girls Today | 7 Minute Fat Loss Workout | Getting Started With Facebook | Facebook Advertising Explained | Free Health and Fitness Guide | Internet Products Closeout | Yahoo Answers Secrets Exposed | Repair Credit Fast and Easy | Getting Started with Squidoo | Craigslist Money Secrets | Free Website Traffic Exposed | Hub Pages Videos | Website Indexing Videos | Show Biz Memory Tricks | Metabolism Secrets to Weightloss | Self Esteem Secrets | Video Creation for Newbies | YouTube Marketing Exposed | Categories Accident Injury Lawyer Best Personal Injury Lawyers Birth Injury Lawyers Cancer Articles Cancer Survival Find Personal Injury Lawyer Head Injury Lawyer Injury Lawyers Injury Victim Forum Personal Injury Personal Injury Claim Lawyer Personal Injury Lawyer Personal Injury Lawyer Attorney Personal Injury Lawyers Serious Injury Lawyer Total Injury Uncategorized Work Injury Lawyer Work Injury Lawyers Click The Book For Free Bonuses... Privacy|FTC|Legal | Contact Us | Free Stuff | Subscribe RSS Feed Best Personal Injury Lawyers | United States | Copyright 2011 506 queries in 1.174 seconds')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01210', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Texting while driving doubles reaction time Posted by Texting while driving is more dangerous than previously thought, a new Texas study shows. Writing or reading a text message behind the wheel can drastically slow down a driver s reaction time, according to a study released Wednesday by the Texas Transportation Institute. Texting while driving basically doubles a driver s reaction time and makes the driver less able to respond to sudden roadway dangers, if a vehicle were to make a sudden stop in front of them or if a child was to run across the road, said researcher Christine Yager, who managed the study. Reaction times slowed from one to two seconds with no texting, to three to four seconds while texting, the study found. The study also found very little difference in response times between a driver composing a message and a driver reading one. If you re on a freeway where the speed limit is 60 in rush hour and a vehicle suddenly stops in front of you, that s not enough time to react if your eyes are glanced down at your phone, Yager said. Researchers studied 42 drivers between the ages of 16 and 54 on a test-track driving course. Researchers said the study is the first published work in the U.S. to examine texting while driving in actual vehicles rather than in simulators, which have been used more frequently in previous studies for safety concerns. Read more Click here to get legal advice from local attorneys specializing in the area of law you need. Home Personal Injury Lawyers Can Assist with More than Seeking Compensation Posted by Any person involved in an accident needs to be aware of the beneficial opportunities or compensations with regards to the financial, moral and medical factors. Approaching injury lawyers can help with more than just gaining compensation. Through professional expertise, the legal representatives can offer a wide range of services between the basic legal advice and the final settlement. Gathering the key evidence and developing first-rate legal documents to present the client s case in the best light possible are only the main services available when using expert injury lawyers. It all begins with presenting the legal options. The injured party may not be aware of the wide choice of possibilities available to him after the ensued incident. Sometimes, the opportunities are limited or hidden by the insurers of the responsible party to prevent any loss which might be forced on their client. The service provided by the personal injury lawyer is a thorough analysis of all possibilities followed by a consultancy to help the client decide which approach would be best. Personal injury lawyers generally operate based on a no win no fee policy. As a result, the client s best interest is a priority. The second phase of building a case is gathering all essential evidence. Personal injury lawyers assist with locating witnesses and acquiring valuable information through testimonies, obtaining access to accident sites and performing a thorough examination of the incident. Some representatives also work in attaining photographic and documented proof of both physical and psychological damage cause to the victim and his possessions. All these findings are included in reports which certify the impact of the incident. The next stage involves representative services. This facility is highly beneficial if the client suffered severe injuries and cannot be present at all legal settlements with the responsible party. The lawyer represents the client s needs and desires completely, even if the case is due to go to court. The basic settlements are another service from which clients can benefit, as most people involved in an accident prefer to settle their businesses outside court to avoid a public scandal and additional expenses. This type of settlement is highly encouraged by lawyers representing both parties, to save clients more time and money. The compensation fee and other services are decided by the injured client and the realistic approach is decided by the final advice provided by the lawyer. The final proceedings can be handled by the legal representative, who negotiates the settlement fee as close to the client s goal as possible. An accident can be a traumatizing experience for the people involved and their families, which is why all the technicalities need to be performed by qualified individuals to ensure that both parties receive what they deserve. Accident victims need to be aware of two important aspects when handling the consequences of the incident; first of all, no person should give elaborate information about what happened without getting initial advice from a legal representative. Only the basic and strictly necessary information should be provided when being questioned by the authorities. Secondly, one should never try to tackle the situation with the other party alone, as the victim can endanger his chances of having a strong case. By taking account of the two necessities, the personal injury lawyer can begin to solve the case straightaway. Read more Click here to get legal advice from local attorneys specializing in the area of law you need. Home Get the Compensation you deserve with the Right Personal Injury Lawyer Posted by People who have experienced accidents in their lifetime are instantly subsidised by the law. The system provides distinct privileges to injured parties and ensures that all those involved in an accident receive the fair quality of treatment they deserve. However, these privileges can be missed out on by underestimating the value of the case in hand or by delaying the initiation of an injury claim. Consequences of these actions can result in lost evidence, vague witness testimonies and the limited amount of time in which legal action can be pursued can expire. To maximize the value of the rights as an injured party, one must choose the appropriate legal representative. By approaching the right injury lawyer, the risk of losing certain opportunities can be reduced. In order to make the right choice, an individual must take account of criterions such as reputation, experience and the package provided. In the end, the correct decision can be rewarded with a substantial benefit included of both financial and servicing compensations. The first factor to look for when choosing the right personal injury lawyer is the experience. Whether it involves a website, a recommendation from a close friend or a newspaper ad, a person should always try to find out as much as possible about his potential legal representative. This involves looking at the professional s background. The years of practice are not as important as the rate of cases won and the rate of cases lost. References are also very helpful when choosing to form a partnership. Considering that an injury case is a highly important legal aspect, providing that information should not be a problem if the recommendations are not available on-site. Depending on the severity of the case, one might consider hiring a lawyer specialized in the type of accident incurred. If the accident does not constitute a complicated event or any great damages, an injury lawyer with a general expertise will be adequate. From a client s perspective it is highly important to know that all the available opportunities are being further explored to ensure the success of one s case. At the outset, a good injury lawyer will always make sure that the injured client will get medical examination and treatment to prevent the condition from getting any worse. If the client cannot find a doctor, he will be provided with one immediately. The personal injury lawyer should be able to instruct his client effectively to not sign anything or give any statements without his consent, to not accept any offers or visit the doctors recommended by the adjuster. A respectable personal injury lawyer works by a no win no fee policy and ensures 100% client compensation, which are proof that the lawyer will look after the client s best interest and support the legal procedures successfully. The first interaction a client has with his potential legal representative is by phone call. It is highly important that the injury lawyer inspires confidence and enables the individual to communicate freely with him. This is a highly important criterion when choosing the ideal legal representative, as the client needs the reassurance that his lawyer will fight for his rights effectively. Read more Click here to get legal advice from local attorneys specializing in the area of law you need. Home Tips and tricks to ensure a successful accident claim Posted by To most, filing an accident claim of any kind can be a great hassle and burden. But if you are the victim of someone else s negligence by way of injury or damage to your property, it is essential that you take the opportunity to claim whatever you are entitled to. Follow these handy hints and tips to ensure you are not left in the dark when it comes to making a claim and that you walk away with the best possible outcome. Don t panic At the scene of any accident, especially a car accident, it is very easy to panic in the knowledge that you are partly responsible for holding up traffic 2 miles behind. Worse still if people including yourself have sustained injuries, your initial reaction will be to panic, get agitated and play the blame game. Avoid over analysing things at this stage. Using a road accident as an example, all you can do at this stage is exchange contact details with the other party to further arrange a settlement with the relevant insurance company. If the accident has occurred at work or in the home due to a faulty product or piece of equipment, the company should proceed to look immediately into how and why the incident happened. Following an accident or injury within the home at the hands of a faulty product, a complaint should be made as soon as possible with the relevant manufacturer. Be thorough Before filing an accident claim, you should have sufficient evidence to back it up. Supplying a solicitor with the basic outline will do you no favours in the long run, so be prepared with all the necessary information. Be sure to adequately research your accident location, taking photos at the scene of the accident, gathering eye witnesses etc. It is also vital that you record time off work to conduct the research. Think ahead Read more Click here to get legal advice from local attorneys specializing in the area of law you need. Home My Rights As An Employee Posted by As an employee, many questions about specific rules and rights that come with it can be raised throughout employment. This is rightly so, as you should be informed of the rights and limitations that an employer has regarding your work. From hiring to firing and everything in between, specific topics should be discussed regarding the rules. These specific laws vary from state to state, so if you have serious concerns or questions, consider contacting a local law firm to help you review your rights as an employee of your current career. At the hiring process, one of the most commonly asked questions by employees is, What can an interviewer not ask That is, what details about the employee is not necessary to disclose when job hunting. Well in most cases, questions can t escape the scope of what is relevant to the position you are applying for; skills and employment history. Outside of this is essentially just what feels correct, but some obvious discussion topics that should be omitted are questions regarding sexual orientation, religious affiliation. Interactions with the law in the past such as arrests that don t result in an actual conviction also do not have to be disclosed. If still in the application process, an employer does have the right to request a drug test. Not conforming to these requests will most certainly lead to the job seeker to not get hired. After being hired, drug tests work slightly differently. In most cases there has to be probable cause for a requested drug test, unless your job has an already indicated requirement for random drug screenings. Another common question is, Can I be fired without reason The answer to this is complicated and changes from state to state. In general, you can be fired for any reason, as long as there is one. In Texas, for example, an employer has the right to fire or demote an employee at will. This is to protect a business interest; as an employee s wages versus work become unprofitable, the company can fire that employee without repercussions. This, however, isn t true if you feel you ve been discriminated against. If you feel like you ve been fired for an invalid reason, such as a refusing a sexual offer from a coworker or refusing to work off the clock, contact a Waco personal injury attorney immediately. You have rights too, and with proper representation, you can restore those rights and punish those that abused them. Read more Click here to get legal advice from local attorneys specializing in the area of law you need. Home Need Something Else Click below.... Best Fatburn Answers | Christianity Teachings | Free eBooks Library | Free Marriage Help | Instant Abundance | Mental Success | Mesothelioma Expert Answers | Pick Up Women Guide | Power and Politics in America | Relationships Tips | Workplace Behavior | Best Paying Survey Sites | Asthma Cure Guide | Beginner Blues Guitar | Brighter Teeth | Best Dating Tips | Magnet4power | Micro Home Brewery | Choose Baby Gender | Cure Asthma Guide | Currency Trader Scam | Magnet4power Reviews | Tattoo Fever Reviews | People Search4free Reviews | Clickbank Explained | AnswersPlus.Info Reviews | Blues Guitar for Beginners | 6 Pack Abs Reviews | Cheap Airline Tickets Scam | Bad Breath Explained | How To Blog for Money | How To Fix Credit Explained | Dog Foods That Kill | Dominate Clickbank Reviews | DUI DWI Explained | Reduce Electric Bills Scam | Top Acne Solutions Exposed | Best Paying Online Surveys | Pick Up Hot Girls Today | 7 Minute Fat Loss Workout | Getting Started With Facebook | Facebook Advertising Explained | Free Health and Fitness Guide | Internet Products Closeout | Yahoo Answers Secrets Exposed | Repair Credit Fast and Easy | Getting Started with Squidoo | Craigslist Money Secrets | Free Website Traffic Exposed | Hub Pages Videos | Website Indexing Videos | Show Biz Memory Tricks | Metabolism Secrets to Weightloss | Self Esteem Secrets | Video Creation for Newbies | YouTube Marketing Exposed | Categories Accident Injury Lawyer Best Personal Injury Lawyers Birth Injury Lawyers Cancer Articles Cancer Survival Find Personal Injury Lawyer Head Injury Lawyer Injury Lawyers Injury Victim Forum Personal Injury Personal Injury Claim Lawyer Personal Injury Lawyer Personal Injury Lawyer Attorney Personal Injury Lawyers Serious Injury Lawyer Total Injury Uncategorized Work Injury Lawyer Work Injury Lawyers Click The Book For Free Bonuses... Privacy|FTC|Legal | Contact Us | Free Stuff | Subscribe RSS Feed Best Personal Injury Lawyers | United States | Copyright 2011 506 queries in 0.424 seconds')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01211', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> How To Go About Getting The Details Of A Car Accident Resolved Legal Knowledge Would Be Helpful. Posted by J.D. Lungren For context, this happened in Oklahoma I was in a car accident back in August. I had the right of way, and someone in the oncoming lane failed to yield and turned in front of me. She was at a stop at the green light why, I don t know and I was going 30, thinking she was yielding. As I crossed through the intersection, she turned in front of me, totaling my car and leaving me with injuries that took me out of academic work and a sports season. I have been cleared of all fault by the police. Now here come the issues I hope you can help with The driver of the vehicle was not covered by the car owner s insurance. The driver was an unemployed 20 year old, sister to the owner. The owner had an up-to-date insurance card, although she had canceled her insurance. So therefore, she had no insurance at the time of the accident, but received no ticket from the police because her card said she was still covered. After the incident, I went to the station with evidence, and they said they didn t feel like writing her a ticket, so they won t. Right around the time of the accident, the owner and her sisters the driver being one of them moved to a new location. I can t seem to find out where. I have found many addresses for her, but they are either all old or false. I had to go to the doctor 6 times over head injuries. Her insurance was supposed to cover it. But of course, with no insurance, there s no money to cover that. My car is still in the tow yard, as I cannot afford to get it out. It s racking up fees daily. I am still without a vehicle, as mine was totaled. I spoke to a lawyer, and she said suing the driver would be useless, as you can t suck blood from a stone. Suing the owner could be fruitful, as she works for the casino in town. However, I am a 21 year old college student, and I really don t know what to do at this point. I have bills from the accident piling up that I have yet to pay. I don t want to go through the process of suing her if I may not get enough money back to make it worth while. I was told I could potentially talk to her in person to see if I could settle out of court, but I can t track her down. Anyone with legal knowledge or have been in a similar situation, please help me out. I want to get this resolved as soon as possible. Thank you for your time, reading this long post. Click here to get legal advice from local attorneys specializing in the area of law you need. Home How Come I Feel So Comfortable In My High Heels Than My Flats Since My Injury Posted by J.D. Lungren So I got in a pretty bad car accident about a month ago and ever since then I feel so comfortable in my heels than my flats. I got an injury on my left rim acetabular area. I feel more comfortable in my 5 inch stiletto pumps than my flats. I have a really hard time in flats because I would be limping when I walk. When I wear my stiletto pumps and put my weight onto the balls of my feet I feel so much more comfortable than when I was in flats. How come I feel so more comfortable in my heels than my flats Click here to get legal advice from local attorneys specializing in the area of law you need. Home Landlord Tenant Issue Do I Have Anything I Can Do Posted by J.D. Lungren we had a stipulation agreement because we had fallen behind on the rent when mu husband lost hiS job .as soon as we could we paid the agreement off and my landlord told us that the stipulation was null and void and our lease was restored. When my husbands jobs switched payroll dates we called to inform her we would be late and she had no problem as long as we paid all late fees! When I went to pay on the 21st she refused to accept the rent the reason why I felt is because my daughter got seriously hurt on the property and she has a injury lawsuit going since may About 2 weeks ago we were issued a writ of possession. We were granted a stay of eviction when we provided all our proof of my daughters lawsuit and the fact that we paid off the stipulation .now I have court in the morning no attorney and no sure what happens next. She filed saying we were in violation of the agreement we paid off which in the agreement it also stated once paid the agreement was over .. Can she evict me on that old case What can I do I live in Broward County Florida and also its a mobile home! Do I have any rights at all She s getting revenge on me for a lawsuit I had no choice to file me daughter didn t have medical insurance at the time! Please some good advice I have 6 kids and I get accused of everything stealing garbage cans I own the home not the lot! Thanks everyone . Click here to get legal advice from local attorneys specializing in the area of law you need. Home Issues With Landlord Posted by J.D. Lungren we had a stipulation agreement because we had fallen behind on the rent when mu husband lost hiS job .as soon as we could we paid the agreement off and my landlord told us that the stipulation was null and void and our lease was restored. When my husbands jobs switched payroll dates we called to inform her we would be late and she had no problem as long as we paid all late fees! When I went to pay on the 21st she refused to accept the rent the reason why I felt is because my daughter got seriously hurt on the property and she has a injury lawsuit going since may About 2 weeks ago we were issued a writ of possession. We were granted a stay of eviction when we provided all our proof of my daughters lawsuit and the fact that we paid off the stipulation .now I have court in the morning no attorney and no sure what happens next. She filed saying we were in violation of the agreement we paid off which in the agreement it also stated once paid the agreement was over .. Can she evict me on that old case What can I do I live in Broward County Florida and also its a mobile home! Do I have any rights at all She s getting revenge on me for a lawsuit I had no choice to file me daughter didn t have medical insurance at the time! Please some good advice I have 6 kids and I get accused of everything stealing garbage cans I own the home not the lot! Click here to get legal advice from local attorneys specializing in the area of law you need. Home Did The Tea Party Amass A Record Like The Occupy Movement Has Posted by J.D. Lungren 1. NY 10/1/2011 Police Arrest More Than 700 Protesters on Brooklyn Bridge 2. Madison, WI 10-27-2011 Madison Occupiers Lose Permit Due to Public Masturbation 3. Phoenix 10/28/2011 Flier at Occupy Phoenix Asks, When Should You Shoot a Cop 4. NY 10/18/2011 Thieves Preying on Fellow Protesters 5. NY 10/9/2011 Stinking up Wall Street Protesters Accused of Living in Filth as Shocking Pictures Show One Demonstrator Defecating on a POLICE CAR 6. NY 10/7/2011 Occupiers Rush Police More 7. Cleveland 10/18/2011 Occupy Cleveland Protester Alleges She Was Raped 8. NY 10/10/2011 Increasingly Debauched Are Sex, Drugs & Poor Sanitation Eclipsing Occupy Wall Street 9. Seattle 10/18/2011 Man Accused of Exposing Self to Children Arrested 10. 10/12/2011 Iran Supports Occupy Wall Street 11. Portland 10/16/2011 #OccupyPortland Protester Desecrates Memorial To U.S. War Dead 12. Portland 10/15/2011 #OccupyPortland Protesters Sing F The USA 13. Chicago 10/17/2011 COMMUNIST LEADER Cheered at Occupy Chicago 14. 10/15/2011 American Nazi Party Endorses Occupy Wall Street s Courage, Tells Members to Support Protests and Fight Judeo-Capitalist Banksters 15. Boston 10/14/2011 Coast Guard member spit on near Occupy Boston tents 16. Boston 10/11/2011 Boston Police Arrest Over 100 from Occupy Boston 17. New York 10/11/2011 You Can Have Sex with Animals. 18. New York 10/15/2011 Harassing Police with Accusations of Phony Injuries 19. New York 10/9/2011 Occupy Wallstreet Protesters Steal from Local Businesses 20. New York 10/25/2011 Three Men Threatened to Kill 24-Year-Old Occupy Wall Street Protester for Reporting Rape 21. Baltimore 10/18/2011 #OccupyBaltimore Discourages Sexual Assault Victims from Contacting Police 22. Portland 10/27/2011 Occupy Portland s Attempt At Wealth Redistribution Ends In Theft 23. Los Angeles 10/14/2011 Anti-Semitic Protester at Occupy Wall Street 24. 10/27/2011 A Death Threat From an Occupy Wall Street Protester 25. 10/27/2011 Anti-Semitic Tweet From Occupier or Sympathizer 26. Boston 10/20/2011 Occupy Boston Doesn t Want Police Involved in Rape 27. New York 10/5/2011 Anti-Semitic Occupier Screams About Jews, Israel 28. New York 10/4/2011 Occupier Taunts Jewish Man 29. Boston 10/2011 Occupiers Block Street 30. New York 10/2011 Occupier Tries to Steal Police Officer s Gun 31. New York 10/27/2011 Occupiers Block Traffic, Get Arrested 32. Oakland 10/27/2011 Occupiers Throw Garbage at Police 33. Oakland 10/19/2011 Abusive #OccupyOakland Protesters Ban Media from Tent City 34. Eugene, OR 10/19/2011 Occupiers Displace Farmers Market Threatening Hundreds of Jobs 35. Portland, OR 10/18/2011 Capitalist Offering Jobs at Occupy Portland Finds Few Takers 36. NY 10/20/2011 #OccupyWallStreet Threatens Businesses, Patrons 37. NY 10/14/2011 Violence Breaks Out During #OccupyWallStreet March Toward Stock Exchange 38. NY 10/14/2011 Protesters March On Wall Street, Scuffle With Cops 39. Oakland 10/19/2011 #OccupyOakland Protesters Threaten Reporter 40. Oakland 10/26/2011 Occupiers Scuffle with Police 41. Oakland 10/24/2011 Protesters Storm, Vandalize, Shut Down Chase Bank 42. Dayton, OH 10/22/2011 Protester F ck The Military, F ck Your Flag, And F ck The Police 43. Chicago 10/14/2011 Protesters Message At #OccupyChicago Rally Destroy Israel 44. NY 10/23/2011 #OccupyWallStreet Supporter Rants Against Israel, Jews 45. NY 10/22/2011 #Occupy Kid Burn Wall Street, Burn! 46. NY 10/21/2011 New Yorkers Fed Up With Noisy, Defecating Protesters 47. Oakland 10/21/2011 Occupy Oakland Evicted After Reports Of Crime And Intimidation 48. Oakland 10/19/2011 #OccupyOakland Out of Control Rats, Graffiti, Vandalism, Sexual Harassment, Public Sex and Urination 49. Chicago 10/26/2011 Occupiers Under Investigation by FBI for Links to Terrorism 50. Cleveland 10/29/2011 Rape Reported at Occupy Cleveland 51. Dallas 10/24/2011 Police Investigating Possible Sexual Assault Of Teen At Occupy Dallas 52. Bloomington, IN 10/26/2011 Man Claims Occupy Bloomington Protesters Drugged, Handcuffed Him 53. NY 10/10/2011 Sex, Drugs and Hiding from the Law at Wall Street Protests 54. Glasgow 10/26/2011 Woman Gang-Raped 55. Boston 10/23/2011 Occupy Boston Protesters Arrested For Dealing Heroin With 6 Year-Old in Tent 56. Portland 10/16/2011 Sex Offender Registers Occupy Portland Camp as Address 57. Denver 10/15/2011 Occupy Denver Demonstrator Accused of Groping TV Photographer 58. Lawrence, KS 10/25/2011 Sexual Assault Reported at Occupy Camp 59. Minneapolis, MN Bricks, Rocks, Riot Supplies Discovered by Police 60. Phoenix, AZ 10/27/2011 Neo-Nazis Patrol Occupy Phoenix With AR-15 s And there are 210 more! All verifiable just use the headlines for the search terms. Click here to get legal advice from local attorneys specializing in the area of law you need. Home Older Posts Need Something Else Click below.... Best Fatburn Answers | Christianity Teachings | Free eBooks Library | Free Marriage Help | Instant Abundance | Mental Success | Mesothelioma Expert Answers | Pick Up Women Guide | Power and Politics in America | Relationships Tips | Workplace Behavior | Best Paying Survey Sites | Asthma Cure Guide | Beginner Blues Guitar | Brighter Teeth | Best Dating Tips | Magnet4power | Micro Home Brewery | Choose Baby Gender | Cure Asthma Guide | Currency Trader Scam | Magnet4power Reviews | Tattoo Fever Reviews | People Search4free Reviews | Clickbank Explained | AnswersPlus.Info Reviews | Blues Guitar for Beginners | 6 Pack Abs Reviews | Cheap Airline Tickets Scam | Bad Breath Explained | How To Blog for Money | How To Fix Credit Explained | Dog Foods That Kill | Dominate Clickbank Reviews | DUI DWI Explained | Reduce Electric Bills Scam | Top Acne Solutions Exposed | Best Paying Online Surveys | Pick Up Hot Girls Today | 7 Minute Fat Loss Workout | Getting Started With Facebook | Facebook Advertising Explained | Free Health and Fitness Guide | Internet Products Closeout | Yahoo Answers Secrets Exposed | Repair Credit Fast and Easy | Getting Started with Squidoo | Craigslist Money Secrets | Free Website Traffic Exposed | Hub Pages Videos | Website Indexing Videos | Show Biz Memory Tricks | Metabolism Secrets to Weightloss | Self Esteem Secrets | Video Creation for Newbies | YouTube Marketing Exposed | Categories Accident Injury Lawyer Best Personal Injury Lawyers Birth Injury Lawyers Cancer Articles Cancer Survival Find Personal Injury Lawyer Head Injury Lawyer Injury Lawyers Injury Victim Forum Personal Injury Personal Injury Claim Lawyer Personal Injury Lawyer Personal Injury Lawyer Attorney Personal Injury Lawyers Serious Injury Lawyer Total Injury Uncategorized Work Injury Lawyer Work Injury Lawyers Click The Book For Free Bonuses... Privacy|FTC|Legal | Contact Us | Free Stuff | Subscribe RSS Feed Best Personal Injury Lawyers | United States | Copyright 2011 508 queries in 0.378 seconds')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01212', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Who Else Believes That Orton Has Failed Wwe s Wellness Policy Posted by J.D. Lungren I do not believe that an injury is the reason or at least the sole reason for Orton s 6 month absence. He has been jobbing to damn near everybody for the past two months an I got very suspicious as to why Super Orton was losing matches regularly. I believe WWE has known about Orton failing a drug test of some sort and decided to punish him for it, get other superstars over by having him job to them & getting suspended for an elongated period of time. I also believe in anticipation of this, WWE made Sheamus into the super power winning machine that he is now. They re plan was to have Sheamus win everything while fading Orton from being as unstoppable as he once was. Superstars as big as Orton don t lost frequently without reason. This injury is a cover up so that once of their biggest superstars doesn t get tainted. Click here to get legal advice from local attorneys specializing in the area of law you need. Home What You Were Reading This Year At The Minneapolis Injuryboard Posted by J.D. Lungren This year has been a busy one. We thank everyone, who took the time to read any of our posts. It was especially gratifying to have so many people weight in with comments. More here What You Were Reading This Year At The Minneapolis Injuryboard Click here to get legal advice from local attorneys specializing in the area of law you need. Home What You Were Reading This Year At The St Cloud Injuryboard Posted by J.D. Lungren This year has been a busy one. We thank everyone, who took the time to read any of our posts. It was especially gratifying to have so many people weight in with comments. More What You Were Reading This Year At The St Cloud Injuryboard Click here to get legal advice from local attorneys specializing in the area of law you need. Home New Years Eve Snow Could Cause Concerns Tonight Posted by J.D. Lungren The word right now is that we have snow on the way tonight. The National Weather Service has issued a WINTER STORM WARNING for the Twin Cities from 6pm Saturday to 6am Sunday. New Years Eve means there will be a lot of people out and about Follow this link New Years Eve Snow Could Cause Concerns Tonight Click here to get legal advice from local attorneys specializing in the area of law you need. Home Have a Safe and Happy New Year s! Posted by J.D. Lungren For most people New Year s Eve means big celebrations and good times with friends. And those good times often involve drinking. Read the original Have a Safe and Happy New Year s! Click here to get legal advice from local attorneys specializing in the area of law you need. Home Older Posts Need Something Else Click below.... Best Fatburn Answers | Christianity Teachings | Free eBooks Library | Free Marriage Help | Instant Abundance | Mental Success | Mesothelioma Expert Answers | Pick Up Women Guide | Power and Politics in America | Relationships Tips | Workplace Behavior | Best Paying Survey Sites | Asthma Cure Guide | Beginner Blues Guitar | Brighter Teeth | Best Dating Tips | Magnet4power | Micro Home Brewery | Choose Baby Gender | Cure Asthma Guide | Currency Trader Scam | Magnet4power Reviews | Tattoo Fever Reviews | People Search4free Reviews | Clickbank Explained | AnswersPlus.Info Reviews | Blues Guitar for Beginners | 6 Pack Abs Reviews | Cheap Airline Tickets Scam | Bad Breath Explained | How To Blog for Money | How To Fix Credit Explained | Dog Foods That Kill | Dominate Clickbank Reviews | DUI DWI Explained | Reduce Electric Bills Scam | Top Acne Solutions Exposed | Best Paying Online Surveys | Pick Up Hot Girls Today | 7 Minute Fat Loss Workout | Getting Started With Facebook | Facebook Advertising Explained | Free Health and Fitness Guide | Internet Products Closeout | Yahoo Answers Secrets Exposed | Repair Credit Fast and Easy | Getting Started with Squidoo | Craigslist Money Secrets | Free Website Traffic Exposed | Hub Pages Videos | Website Indexing Videos | Show Biz Memory Tricks | Metabolism Secrets to Weightloss | Self Esteem Secrets | Video Creation for Newbies | YouTube Marketing Exposed | Categories Accident Injury Lawyer Best Personal Injury Lawyers Birth Injury Lawyers Cancer Articles Cancer Survival Find Personal Injury Lawyer Head Injury Lawyer Injury Lawyers Injury Victim Forum Personal Injury Personal Injury Claim Lawyer Personal Injury Lawyer Personal Injury Lawyer Attorney Personal Injury Lawyers Serious Injury Lawyer Total Injury Uncategorized Work Injury Lawyer Work Injury Lawyers Click The Book For Free Bonuses... Privacy|FTC|Legal | Contact Us | Free Stuff | Subscribe RSS Feed Best Personal Injury Lawyers | United States | Copyright 2011 508 queries in 0.348 seconds')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01213', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Way Depressed And At A Loss Right Now.. I Need Help!! Posted by J.D. Lungren I m apologizing for the length, but i m at a loss here sooo Here is the situation. I am currently engaged,, to my ex boyfriend s best friend. He was there for me when my ex wasn t and was sick of seeing me with deadbeats. Well here I am a month later with a whole 10 hrs between break up with ex and accepting engagement i think I am pregnant. I bought a test tonight, going to take it tomorrow. BUT it would be my ex boyfriends baby. My fiance understands this and accepts it and still wants me to let my ex be a part of teh baby s life i have no problem with that The other part of this,,, my fiance adn I don t live together. We are both inbetween jobs I had a severe back injury and am still rehabilitating and we live an hour apart from each other. I seriously feel like he is hiding something from me. His ex gf texted me the other day and we got to talking, well she thinks she is preg too, and it would be my fiances I 100% expect him to be a part of that child s life . Her and I have been tag-teaming and catching him in lies. For some reason, if any other man would have pulled this on me, I would have been gone a long time ago, but I am still with him and fighting tooth and nail to make it work. I don t care if he his friends with or texts or hangs out with other girls, teh part that bugs me is that he is a major flirt and doesn t let me know when he is with them and will ignore me when i try to get ahold of him. Any time I try to talk to him about HOW I FEEL, he just says i m being a whiney and need to stop because i have nothing to worry about but EVERYTHING he does makes me suspicious. On top of it all, I m already depressed and lately its just been worse.. I m at the point now where i am seriously considering checking myself into a mental health hospital even though I can t afford it. I am sick and damn tired of being in a losing battle.. idfk where i m going with this i just really need to get some outside opinions. If I end up breaking it off with him, I will raise my child alone. Neither man will be a part of their life because honestly I think its for the best that they are in a calm and drama free environment. My fiance has made it perfectly clear that he DOES want a family and DOES want to be with me, but I honestly don t believe him. If he truly loved me and cared about me, he would not want to see me like this and would actually LISTEN to me instead of being the douchefuck that he is. I am sick and damn tired of spinning my wheels. This may sound contradictory, but I am a fighter. I will never give up, but at the same time, I won t beat a dead horse. There is only so much I can do on my own, and it takes us BOTH to make a relationship work. Click here to get legal advice from local attorneys specializing in the area of law you need. Home Am I In A Position To Commit An Assault, If Need Be, With Minimal Consequences Posted by J.D. Lungren State is Virginia. I am a big guy, 6 4 250 pounds muscular. I have boxing and martial arts experience. And at 22, youth is on my side. I know that for most people, crimes will severely hinder employment in the future. However, I have no job, I drive to Atlantic City every other weekend and play poker professionally. I made $69,000 last year And I didn t even make this my career until March , and if all goes according to my current averages, I ll break 6 figures in 2012. I have a nestegg from savings plus an inheritence that would last me at least 5 years, so if I go a few months without making money, it won t be a problem. Therefore, I have no need for a job, and there s no one to fire me if I commit an assault on a person I hate. So I can commit an assault without losing my income and lifestyle, and, most likely,the other person cannot. And that also means the victim would be hard pressed to collect if they sued me. Here in Virginia, all the civil courts ever really do for unpaid judgements is to garnish my wages .. oh wait a minute. Exactly. Who s going to garnish me, the casinos So lets say that I, not in anyway premeditated, but I get into an argument with someone, and get pissed and decide to kick their . No serious or permanent injuries, just give them a black eye or two and maybe a bruised rib. You know, an everyday fight One sided as it would be Having no criminal history, what am I likely to get for a first offence of knocking someone across the room Would it be safe to say that I d be arrested, pay my bail and be released with a court date, and maybe be sentenced to probation and community service, a slap on the wrist that would make the whole thing worth it Afterall, the career hinderence of a misdemeanor conviction is usually worse that the court punishment, and again, I don t have a boss to worry about. Bearing in mind that affording an excellent attorney is not a problem for me by the way. Lol, I could see myself being on a first name basis with my usual arresting officer and be like Good to see you again, Officer Dan, how d your son s history test go last week What s the worst that I d get Click here to get legal advice from local attorneys specializing in the area of law you need. Home Bedbugs + Ritz-Carlton One Worried Hotel Posted by J.D. Lungren Bedbugs don t discriminate though at $695 a night, you d hope they did. Read More Bedbugs + Ritz-Carlton One Worried Hotel Click here to get legal advice from local attorneys specializing in the area of law you need. Home Top 5 Things to Do After an Injury Posted by J.D. Lungren Injuries are stressful. Trying to get someone else to pay for your injuries can be even worse. See more here Top 5 Things to Do After an Injury Click here to get legal advice from local attorneys specializing in the area of law you need. Home Bedbugs + Ritz-Carlton One Worrried Hotel Posted by J.D. Lungren Bedbugs don t discriminate though at $695 a night, you d hope they did. The New York incarnation of the Ritz-Carlton has bedbugs . Lots of them, too Continue reading here Bedbugs + Ritz-Carlton One Worrried Hotel Click here to get legal advice from local attorneys specializing in the area of law you need. Home Older Posts Need Something Else Click below.... Best Fatburn Answers | Christianity Teachings | Free eBooks Library | Free Marriage Help | Instant Abundance | Mental Success | Mesothelioma Expert Answers | Pick Up Women Guide | Power and Politics in America | Relationships Tips | Workplace Behavior | Best Paying Survey Sites | Asthma Cure Guide | Beginner Blues Guitar | Brighter Teeth | Best Dating Tips | Magnet4power | Micro Home Brewery | Choose Baby Gender | Cure Asthma Guide | Currency Trader Scam | Magnet4power Reviews | Tattoo Fever Reviews | People Search4free Reviews | Clickbank Explained | AnswersPlus.Info Reviews | Blues Guitar for Beginners | 6 Pack Abs Reviews | Cheap Airline Tickets Scam | Bad Breath Explained | How To Blog for Money | How To Fix Credit Explained | Dog Foods That Kill | Dominate Clickbank Reviews | DUI DWI Explained | Reduce Electric Bills Scam | Top Acne Solutions Exposed | Best Paying Online Surveys | Pick Up Hot Girls Today | 7 Minute Fat Loss Workout | Getting Started With Facebook | Facebook Advertising Explained | Free Health and Fitness Guide | Internet Products Closeout | Yahoo Answers Secrets Exposed | Repair Credit Fast and Easy | Getting Started with Squidoo | Craigslist Money Secrets | Free Website Traffic Exposed | Hub Pages Videos | Website Indexing Videos | Show Biz Memory Tricks | Metabolism Secrets to Weightloss | Self Esteem Secrets | Video Creation for Newbies | YouTube Marketing Exposed | Categories Accident Injury Lawyer Best Personal Injury Lawyers Birth Injury Lawyers Cancer Articles Cancer Survival Find Personal Injury Lawyer Head Injury Lawyer Injury Lawyers Injury Victim Forum Personal Injury Personal Injury Claim Lawyer Personal Injury Lawyer Personal Injury Lawyer Attorney Personal Injury Lawyers Serious Injury Lawyer Total Injury Uncategorized Work Injury Lawyer Work Injury Lawyers Click The Book For Free Bonuses... Privacy|FTC|Legal | Contact Us | Free Stuff | Subscribe RSS Feed Best Personal Injury Lawyers | United States | Copyright 2011 508 queries in 0.859 seconds')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01214', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> How Does One Go About Finding Pro Bono Doctors Or Hospitals In Colorado Posted by J.D. Lungren My brother was in a motorcycle accident in 2006. He didnt have any insurance and so a lie had been placed on his medical records the ER did not know that he had just been in an accident. But his injuries were all internal. He had a compression fracture of a vertebrae in his back pretty much a broken back and they did other tests, but never really said anything else was wrong. He was sent on his way with pain medicine and said that they couldnt do anything for the broken back. Well he suffered from so many injuries its hard to list. His shoulder is completely wacked, he likely broke ribs, and his hips were messed up. But he was never treated. He never got insurance and never took care of himself. Through the last couple years he has attempted to get help, but was denied medicare. He has been to doctors and he thinks they dismiss him because he has no insurance. He has lost so much weight and had been compensating for a bad back that everything else continued to be out of wack hips, knees, shoulder, ribs etc. He did have an emergency where he just couldnt walk anymore and ended up getting surgery for one ruptured disk, and the disk above and below were not ruptured but were inflamed. He somewhat got better from that but now has so many bills its not even funny. And his back may be healed, but the rest of his body is still very crippled. He hasnt been able to work. He has been in such chronic severe pain that he is hard to be around. He is short tempered and very depressed. If it were not for my mother he would be homeless actually let me add to that he recently had conflicts with my mother and is not staying with her and has mooved into a friends house who has younger children and is in no place to be supporting him. He has been in so much pain that he has not been able to work. He does not get workers comp. As I said before he cant get approved for medicare. He is so thin and malnurished that he is constantly cold. He is barely skin and bones and looks skeletal. Its discusting. He has been trying to get out and find a job, but it has been too cold lately and he says he has a hard time regulating his body temperature and when its cold, its just not worth the pain to move from the house. He says it takes a good hour of stretching each morning just to get moving. But now he tells me he has blood in his stool. He has had this for over a month now. A year ago he had a bad stomach issue where he was throwing up and had such pains that he went to the hospital. They did a colonoskpy and removed polyps and said that there was twisting and folds in his colon . but that was a year ago. So today I dont know what to tell him. He tells me he has bright red blood in his stool but he has no doctor to go to and the er is likely to turn him away saying he just needs to see a doctor. He has no income and is in so much pain. I wish there was some kind of rehabilitation hospital for him to go to. They could do other surgery to fix some of his other ailments there literally is a bone sticking up from his shoulder and he does not have full movement out of it and it hurts, Im sure some doctor could do something for him. But what doctor or hospital will see him all the way through to being healthy again! I just want my brother back. He used to ride dirt bikes, rock climb, hike, camp, fish, play paint ball, go hunting but none of that now. He stays hunkered up in a basement with layers of clothes on and hates the world because no one will help him. Is there some hospital in Colorado or Doctor that takes on pro bono cases or something Can anyone give me any suggestions on how to help I am out of state and just want to help my brother. Thanks in advance for any response. Feel free to ask questions I really summed up his issues and he could go on for days about what all ailments he has . oh yeah like his bleeding/rotting wisdom teeth that need to be removed! He didnt choose to be homeless/insurance less/job less he is in so much pain he cant get a job to get the insurance, and then once he may get insurance, he is not likely to get any wages because he is in so much debt that they will likely garnish his wages. If it werent for family and this one friend he literally would be just like the local homeless guy on the corner! That scares me, and its so sad! Click here to get legal advice from local attorneys specializing in the area of law you need. Home How Can I Change This Poem Into A Story Posted by J.D. Lungren Tomorrow I have two hours to write a story based on the poem below. I have come up with something like she has a crash and she gets rapid short memory loss so when she wakes up in the mornIng she doesn t remember that her dads dead and stuff. Then she thinks her life Is worthless and try s to commit suicide but ends up in hospital. When she wakes up she can remember little things but no much, her short term memory loss has decreased a bit. Next people help her and she gets her memory back and her life on track. Then she s in another crah and she dies. How can I make this better and more interesting Also even though it s not a serious exam I want at least a B grade. How can I archive that thanks. Case history Alison head injury. I would have like to have known my husbands wife, my mothers only daughter, A bright girl she was. Enmeshed in comforting Fat, I wonder at her delicate ankles Her autocratic knee. Like a degas dancers Adjusts to the observer with airy poise That now lugs me upstairs Hardly. her face, broken By nothing sharper then smiles, holds in it s smiles What I have forgotten She knows my fathers dead, and grieves for it, and smiles. She has digested mourning Her smile shows it. I, who need reminding every morning, Shall never get over What I do not remember Consistency matters. I should like to keep faith with her lack of faith But forget her reasons Proud of this younger self I assert her Achivements, her A levels Her job for the future Poor clever girl! I know, For all my damaged brain, something she doesn t I am her future Click here to get legal advice from local attorneys specializing in the area of law you need. Home Indiana State Fair, Union Fined for Stage Collapse Posted by J.D. Lungren The Indiana Occupational Safety and Health Administration IOSHA has completed its investigation into the stage collapse at the August Indiana State Fair . Fines were levied against three organizations, including the company responsible for building the stage. The tragic event occurred during a Sugarland performance , and left 58 injured and 7 dead Continue reading here Indiana State Fair, Union Fined for Stage Collapse Click here to get legal advice from local attorneys specializing in the area of law you need. Home Online Dating Scams Target Single Women Posted by J.D. Lungren Officials are warning consumers to be on the lookout for online dating scams. Scammers commonly target single women over the age of 40 , wooing them with practiced words Read the article Online Dating Scams Target Single Women Click here to get legal advice from local attorneys specializing in the area of law you need. Home What Is The Point To My Life! Posted by J.D. Lungren I an 13 and I just recently moved to a new school. My dad lost his job in my old town and got one 10 hours away. I am good at one thing an that is soccer but when I moved here I found out that there isn t a soccer team within miles of this awful place. It is a college town of only 3000 ppl. My dad took the only thing that I loved away from me. He is a golf pro so he expects me to play. I have a horse but nobody teaches my style of riding. They took everything from me when we moved. I went to school and found out nobody wanted me there. Within days there were rumors. I didn t say anything I just went on. I recently had an injury that prevented me from running so I had to quit two sports and quarter grades came out an I have a 3.8 GPA. I feel like failed because I expect more out of myself. My mom doesn t care for me she never tells me she loves me she cringes when I give her a hug. It s obvious tht she doesn t want me and that I was a mistake. We argue constantly. Nobody wants me. I hate ppl now especially these people. I don t understand what s keeping me here I would rather die. I went to a catholic school I pray and god doesn t answer. I cry constantly. I don t understand what s keeping me here. I guess it s death. But I know I would never be missed. I hate life because I don t see a point to mine anymore. Why am I being punished Click here to get legal advice from local attorneys specializing in the area of law you need. Home Older Posts Need Something Else Click below.... Best Fatburn Answers | Christianity Teachings | Free eBooks Library | Free Marriage Help | Instant Abundance | Mental Success | Mesothelioma Expert Answers | Pick Up Women Guide | Power and Politics in America | Relationships Tips | Workplace Behavior | Best Paying Survey Sites | Asthma Cure Guide | Beginner Blues Guitar | Brighter Teeth | Best Dating Tips | Magnet4power | Micro Home Brewery | Choose Baby Gender | Cure Asthma Guide | Currency Trader Scam | Magnet4power Reviews | Tattoo Fever Reviews | People Search4free Reviews | Clickbank Explained | AnswersPlus.Info Reviews | Blues Guitar for Beginners | 6 Pack Abs Reviews | Cheap Airline Tickets Scam | Bad Breath Explained | How To Blog for Money | How To Fix Credit Explained | Dog Foods That Kill | Dominate Clickbank Reviews | DUI DWI Explained | Reduce Electric Bills Scam | Top Acne Solutions Exposed | Best Paying Online Surveys | Pick Up Hot Girls Today | 7 Minute Fat Loss Workout | Getting Started With Facebook | Facebook Advertising Explained | Free Health and Fitness Guide | Internet Products Closeout | Yahoo Answers Secrets Exposed | Repair Credit Fast and Easy | Getting Started with Squidoo | Craigslist Money Secrets | Free Website Traffic Exposed | Hub Pages Videos | Website Indexing Videos | Show Biz Memory Tricks | Metabolism Secrets to Weightloss | Self Esteem Secrets | Video Creation for Newbies | YouTube Marketing Exposed | Categories Accident Injury Lawyer Best Personal Injury Lawyers Birth Injury Lawyers Cancer Articles Cancer Survival Find Personal Injury Lawyer Head Injury Lawyer Injury Lawyers Injury Victim Forum Personal Injury Personal Injury Claim Lawyer Personal Injury Lawyer Personal Injury Lawyer Attorney Personal Injury Lawyers Serious Injury Lawyer Total Injury Uncategorized Work Injury Lawyer Work Injury Lawyers Click The Book For Free Bonuses... Privacy|FTC|Legal | Contact Us | Free Stuff | Subscribe RSS Feed Best Personal Injury Lawyers | United States | Copyright 2011 508 queries in 0.413 seconds')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01215', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> How Can I Change This Poem Into A Story Posted by J.D. Lungren Tomorrow I have two hours to write a story based on the poem below. I have come up with something like she has a crash and she gets rapid short memory loss so when she wakes up in the mornIng she doesn t remember that her dads dead and stuff. Then she thinks her life Is worthless and try s to commit suicide but ends up in hospital. When she wakes up she can remember little things but no much, her short term memory loss has decreased a bit. Next people help her and she gets her memory back and her life on track. Then she s in another crah and she dies. How can I make this better and more interesting Also even though it s not a serious exam I want at least a B grade. How can I archive that thanks. Case history Alison head injury. I would have like to have known my husbands wife, my mothers only daughter, A bright girl she was. Enmeshed in comforting Fat, I wonder at her delicate ankles Her autocratic knee. Like a degas dancers Adjusts to the observer with airy poise That now lugs me upstairs Hardly. her face, broken By nothing sharper then smiles, holds in it s smiles What I have forgotten She knows my fathers dead, and grieves for it, and smiles. She has digested mourning Her smile shows it. I, who need reminding every morning, Shall never get over What I do not remember Consistency matters. I should like to keep faith with her lack of faith But forget her reasons Proud of this younger self I assert her Achivements, her A levels Her job for the future Poor clever girl! I know, For all my damaged brain, something she doesn t I am her future Related Articles How Does One Go About Finding Pro Bono Doctors Or Hospitals In Colorado What Is The Point To My Life! Should I Call A Lawyer Do I Have Some Kind Of Case Work Injury Job Experience truth Or Not Related posts I Have Bad Memory. Please Help! I m 22 years old and I already have really bad... Which Story Would You Rather Read A Part of Me Dani had a great life.... What Do You Think Of This Story And criticism would be great. A man named Bob Sponge... What Is Your Opinion On This Short Story I beg you to read it all. Oh and this... When Will My Luck Change A case of being in the wrong place at the... Related posts brought to you by Yet Another Related Posts Plugin . Click here to get legal advice from local attorneys specializing in the area of law you need. Home Categories Accident Injury Lawyer Best Personal Injury Lawyers Birth Injury Lawyers Cancer Articles Cancer Survival Find Personal Injury Lawyer Head Injury Lawyer Injury Lawyers Injury Victim Forum Personal Injury Personal Injury Claim Lawyer Personal Injury Lawyer Personal Injury Lawyer Attorney Personal Injury Lawyers Serious Injury Lawyer Total Injury Uncategorized Work Injury Lawyer Work Injury Lawyers Click The Book For Free Bonuses... Privacy|FTC|Legal | Contact Us | Free Stuff | Subscribe RSS Feed Best Personal Injury Lawyers | United States | Copyright 2011 520 queries in 0.525 seconds')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01216', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> How Does One Go About Finding Pro Bono Doctors Or Hospitals In Colorado Posted by J.D. Lungren My brother was in a motorcycle accident in 2006. He didnt have any insurance and so a lie had been placed on his medical records the ER did not know that he had just been in an accident. But his injuries were all internal. He had a compression fracture of a vertebrae in his back pretty much a broken back and they did other tests, but never really said anything else was wrong. He was sent on his way with pain medicine and said that they couldnt do anything for the broken back. Well he suffered from so many injuries its hard to list. His shoulder is completely wacked, he likely broke ribs, and his hips were messed up. But he was never treated. He never got insurance and never took care of himself. Through the last couple years he has attempted to get help, but was denied medicare. He has been to doctors and he thinks they dismiss him because he has no insurance. He has lost so much weight and had been compensating for a bad back that everything else continued to be out of wack hips, knees, shoulder, ribs etc. He did have an emergency where he just couldnt walk anymore and ended up getting surgery for one ruptured disk, and the disk above and below were not ruptured but were inflamed. He somewhat got better from that but now has so many bills its not even funny. And his back may be healed, but the rest of his body is still very crippled. He hasnt been able to work. He has been in such chronic severe pain that he is hard to be around. He is short tempered and very depressed. If it were not for my mother he would be homeless actually let me add to that he recently had conflicts with my mother and is not staying with her and has mooved into a friends house who has younger children and is in no place to be supporting him. He has been in so much pain that he has not been able to work. He does not get workers comp. As I said before he cant get approved for medicare. He is so thin and malnurished that he is constantly cold. He is barely skin and bones and looks skeletal. Its discusting. He has been trying to get out and find a job, but it has been too cold lately and he says he has a hard time regulating his body temperature and when its cold, its just not worth the pain to move from the house. He says it takes a good hour of stretching each morning just to get moving. But now he tells me he has blood in his stool. He has had this for over a month now. A year ago he had a bad stomach issue where he was throwing up and had such pains that he went to the hospital. They did a colonoskpy and removed polyps and said that there was twisting and folds in his colon . but that was a year ago. So today I dont know what to tell him. He tells me he has bright red blood in his stool but he has no doctor to go to and the er is likely to turn him away saying he just needs to see a doctor. He has no income and is in so much pain. I wish there was some kind of rehabilitation hospital for him to go to. They could do other surgery to fix some of his other ailments there literally is a bone sticking up from his shoulder and he does not have full movement out of it and it hurts, Im sure some doctor could do something for him. But what doctor or hospital will see him all the way through to being healthy again! I just want my brother back. He used to ride dirt bikes, rock climb, hike, camp, fish, play paint ball, go hunting but none of that now. He stays hunkered up in a basement with layers of clothes on and hates the world because no one will help him. Is there some hospital in Colorado or Doctor that takes on pro bono cases or something Can anyone give me any suggestions on how to help I am out of state and just want to help my brother. Thanks in advance for any response. Feel free to ask questions I really summed up his issues and he could go on for days about what all ailments he has . oh yeah like his bleeding/rotting wisdom teeth that need to be removed! He didnt choose to be homeless/insurance less/job less he is in so much pain he cant get a job to get the insurance, and then once he may get insurance, he is not likely to get any wages because he is in so much debt that they will likely garnish his wages. If it werent for family and this one friend he literally would be just like the local homeless guy on the corner! That scares me, and its so sad! Related Articles How Can I Change This Poem Into A Story What Is The Point To My Life! Should I Call A Lawyer Do I Have Some Kind Of Case Work Injury Job Experience truth Or Not Related posts Is God Pro Choice Or Pro Life Am I Wrong To Think God s Not Pro Life I see so many retarded Christians talking about abortion... Where To Find Cheap 1 Time Doctors Visit I recently injured my back while working out. I was... What Drugs Do Doctors Prescribe For A Broken Ankle This is for a novel I m working on. One of... Advice For Finding My First Job After Graduating High School I am 19 and I need to find a job.... Just Moved To Skyrim In Hopes Of Finding Work But I Ended Up With An Injury To My Knee. Can I Still Find Work I had high hopes of becoming something with my life... Related posts brought to you by Yet Another Related Posts Plugin . Click here to get legal advice from local attorneys specializing in the area of law you need. Home Categories Accident Injury Lawyer Best Personal Injury Lawyers Birth Injury Lawyers Cancer Articles Cancer Survival Find Personal Injury Lawyer Head Injury Lawyer Injury Lawyers Injury Victim Forum Personal Injury Personal Injury Claim Lawyer Personal Injury Lawyer Personal Injury Lawyer Attorney Personal Injury Lawyers Serious Injury Lawyer Total Injury Uncategorized Work Injury Lawyer Work Injury Lawyers Click The Book For Free Bonuses... Privacy|FTC|Legal | Contact Us | Free Stuff | Subscribe RSS Feed Best Personal Injury Lawyers | United States | Copyright 2011 520 queries in 0.411 seconds')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01217', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> How Does One Go About Finding Pro Bono Doctors Or Hospitals In Colorado Posted by J.D. Lungren My brother was in a motorcycle accident in 2006. He didnt have any insurance and so a lie had been placed on his medical records the ER did not know that he had just been in an accident. But his injuries were all internal. He had a compression fracture of a vertebrae in his back pretty much a broken back and they did other tests, but never really said anything else was wrong. He was sent on his way with pain medicine and said that they couldnt do anything for the broken back. Well he suffered from so many injuries its hard to list. His shoulder is completely wacked, he likely broke ribs, and his hips were messed up. But he was never treated. He never got insurance and never took care of himself. Through the last couple years he has attempted to get help, but was denied medicare. He has been to doctors and he thinks they dismiss him because he has no insurance. He has lost so much weight and had been compensating for a bad back that everything else continued to be out of wack hips, knees, shoulder, ribs etc. He did have an emergency where he just couldnt walk anymore and ended up getting surgery for one ruptured disk, and the disk above and below were not ruptured but were inflamed. He somewhat got better from that but now has so many bills its not even funny. And his back may be healed, but the rest of his body is still very crippled. He hasnt been able to work. He has been in such chronic severe pain that he is hard to be around. He is short tempered and very depressed. If it were not for my mother he would be homeless actually let me add to that he recently had conflicts with my mother and is not staying with her and has mooved into a friends house who has younger children and is in no place to be supporting him. He has been in so much pain that he has not been able to work. He does not get workers comp. As I said before he cant get approved for medicare. He is so thin and malnurished that he is constantly cold. He is barely skin and bones and looks skeletal. Its discusting. He has been trying to get out and find a job, but it has been too cold lately and he says he has a hard time regulating his body temperature and when its cold, its just not worth the pain to move from the house. He says it takes a good hour of stretching each morning just to get moving. But now he tells me he has blood in his stool. He has had this for over a month now. A year ago he had a bad stomach issue where he was throwing up and had such pains that he went to the hospital. They did a colonoskpy and removed polyps and said that there was twisting and folds in his colon . but that was a year ago. So today I dont know what to tell him. He tells me he has bright red blood in his stool but he has no doctor to go to and the er is likely to turn him away saying he just needs to see a doctor. He has no income and is in so much pain. I wish there was some kind of rehabilitation hospital for him to go to. They could do other surgery to fix some of his other ailments there literally is a bone sticking up from his shoulder and he does not have full movement out of it and it hurts, Im sure some doctor could do something for him. But what doctor or hospital will see him all the way through to being healthy again! I just want my brother back. He used to ride dirt bikes, rock climb, hike, camp, fish, play paint ball, go hunting but none of that now. He stays hunkered up in a basement with layers of clothes on and hates the world because no one will help him. Is there some hospital in Colorado or Doctor that takes on pro bono cases or something Can anyone give me any suggestions on how to help I am out of state and just want to help my brother. Thanks in advance for any response. Feel free to ask questions I really summed up his issues and he could go on for days about what all ailments he has . oh yeah like his bleeding/rotting wisdom teeth that need to be removed! He didnt choose to be homeless/insurance less/job less he is in so much pain he cant get a job to get the insurance, and then once he may get insurance, he is not likely to get any wages because he is in so much debt that they will likely garnish his wages. If it werent for family and this one friend he literally would be just like the local homeless guy on the corner! That scares me, and its so sad! Related Articles How Can I Change This Poem Into A Story What Is The Point To My Life! Should I Call A Lawyer Do I Have Some Kind Of Case Work Injury Job Experience truth Or Not Related posts Is God Pro Choice Or Pro Life Am I Wrong To Think God s Not Pro Life I see so many retarded Christians talking about abortion... Where To Find Cheap 1 Time Doctors Visit I recently injured my back while working out. I was... What Drugs Do Doctors Prescribe For A Broken Ankle This is for a novel I m working on. One of... Advice For Finding My First Job After Graduating High School I am 19 and I need to find a job.... Just Moved To Skyrim In Hopes Of Finding Work But I Ended Up With An Injury To My Knee. Can I Still Find Work I had high hopes of becoming something with my life... Related posts brought to you by Yet Another Related Posts Plugin . Click here to get legal advice from local attorneys specializing in the area of law you need. Home Categories Accident Injury Lawyer Best Personal Injury Lawyers Birth Injury Lawyers Cancer Articles Cancer Survival Find Personal Injury Lawyer Head Injury Lawyer Injury Lawyers Injury Victim Forum Personal Injury Personal Injury Claim Lawyer Personal Injury Lawyer Personal Injury Lawyer Attorney Personal Injury Lawyers Serious Injury Lawyer Total Injury Uncategorized Work Injury Lawyer Work Injury Lawyers Click The Book For Free Bonuses... Privacy|FTC|Legal | Contact Us | Free Stuff | Subscribe RSS Feed Best Personal Injury Lawyers | United States | Copyright 2011 520 queries in 0.348 seconds')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01218', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Indiana State Fair, Union Fined for Stage Collapse Posted by J.D. Lungren The Indiana Occupational Safety and Health Administration IOSHA has completed its investigation into the stage collapse at the August Indiana State Fair . Fines were levied against three organizations, including the company responsible for building the stage. The tragic event occurred during a Sugarland performance , and left 58 injured and 7 dead Continue reading here Indiana State Fair, Union Fined for Stage Collapse Related Articles Coffee Maker Recall 1.7M Tassimo, Bosch Coffee Makers Have Burn Risk DVT Study May Clot Economy Class Lawsuits Window Seats Increase Risk of Deadly Blood Clots on Airplanes Denver Suncor Employees Could Sue Over Benzene Related posts Sugarland Sued for State Fair Stage Collapse Dozens of victims of August\'s Indiana State Fair stage... State Farm Might Be There, But Does It Play Fair Carrying adequate insurance coverage can provide peace of mind... AirTran Fined $60K for Deceptive Airfare Ads AirTran Airways has been fined $60,000 by the U.S.... Medtronic Fined $23.5 Million For Illegal Physicians Kickbacks Medical device maker, Medtronic Inc., and the U.S. ... Second Stage Of A Personal Injury Case Written Discovery Phase The second stage of the typical personal injury case... Related posts brought to you by Yet Another Related Posts Plugin . Click here to get legal advice from local attorneys specializing in the area of law you need. Home Categories Accident Injury Lawyer Best Personal Injury Lawyers Birth Injury Lawyers Cancer Articles Cancer Survival Find Personal Injury Lawyer Head Injury Lawyer Injury Lawyers Injury Victim Forum Personal Injury Personal Injury Claim Lawyer Personal Injury Lawyer Personal Injury Lawyer Attorney Personal Injury Lawyers Serious Injury Lawyer Total Injury Uncategorized Work Injury Lawyer Work Injury Lawyers Click The Book For Free Bonuses... Privacy|FTC|Legal | Contact Us | Free Stuff | Subscribe RSS Feed Best Personal Injury Lawyers | United States | Copyright 2011 520 queries in 0.409 seconds')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01220', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"> Jump to Topic "cheap Divorce" 6 "christian Marriage Help" 4 "divorce Advice" 5 "divorce Filing" 10 "divorce Law" 2 "divorce Mediation" 9 "divorce Mediators" 6 "divorce Online" 1 "divorce Procedures" 3 "divorce Process" 4 "diy Divorce" 2 "do It Yourself Divorce" 8 "easy Divorce" 10 "fast Divorce" 1 "file For Divorce" 6 "filing For Divorce" 4 "free Marriage Counseling" 3 "free Marriage Help" 214 "getting Divorced" 4 "help For Marriage" 2 "help For Troubled Marriage" 5 "help Me Save My Marriage" 2 "help My Marriage" 3 "help Save Marriage" 4 "help With Marriage" 2 "how To Divorce" 2 "low Cost Divorce" 7 "marriage Help Book" 2 "marriage Help Online" 4 "marriage Helps" 8 "marriage Married" 1 "marriage Relationship Help" 1 "married Fun" 1 "married Help" 4 "married People" 2 "married Relationship" 2 "married Relationships" 2 "need Marriage Help" 3 "quick Divorce" 5 "quickie Divorce" 5 "stop Your Divorce" 4 "uncontested Divorce" 2 "unhappily Married" 7 alternative to marriage counseling 2 avoid divorce 1 Beauty 4 Break Up Articles 5 Breast Cancer 2 Cosmetic Surgery 1 Divorce Issues 5 family counseling 1 free marriage book 1 Kids and Teens 2 marriage 162 marriage advice 2 marriage counseling 10 marriage counselling 1 marriage guidance 1 marriage help 4 marriage problem 1 marriage problem solving 1 married life 14 passion 42 relationships 26 save marriage 18 Teenagers 4 Top Answers 1376 Uncategorized 229 Womens Interests 235 Marriage Resources Seen on Oprah! 300 Creative Dates! "The Anatomy of An Affair" eBook! Keep Your Marriage eBook! Fairytale Wedding on a Budget! You Can Get Pregnant! Get Free of Porn Addiction! Terms of Use Contact Us Free Marriage Help RSS Free Stuff FTC Notice Privacy There Is A Restraining Order Keeping Someone Out Of A County Due To Divorce A Hearing Is Scheduled In That hard time expressing feelings. Freddie Mac Mortgage I have gone through a divorce. I got the house. Court orders states that I must re fin within two years. Needless to say, my credit score has not allowed me to qualify. When I went to apply for refinancing I was turned down, but was told my mortgage was sold to Freddie Mac. What does this mean for me Will it help me with trying to refinance in the future Will it effect the present interest rate I have made every payment,on time or before due date, on this mortgage for the last 4 years. I can make the current payment with no problems. I just have to have my ex husbands name off of the mortgage. Can his name be removed without refinancing. Home Related Articles When You Get A Divorce, Do You Give Each Other The Rings Back Illegal Marriage Immigration This entry was posted on Friday, February 10th, 2012 at 10 10 am and is filed under Top Answers . You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed. You can leave a response , or trackback from your own site. Edited by J.V. Desantis | All Rights Reserved 2012 517 queries in 0.799 seconds')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01221', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"> Jump to Topic "cheap Divorce" 6 "christian Marriage Help" 4 "divorce Advice" 5 "divorce Filing" 10 "divorce Law" 2 "divorce Mediation" 9 "divorce Mediators" 6 "divorce Online" 1 "divorce Procedures" 3 "divorce Process" 4 "diy Divorce" 2 "do It Yourself Divorce" 8 "easy Divorce" 10 "fast Divorce" 1 "file For Divorce" 6 "filing For Divorce" 4 "free Marriage Counseling" 3 "free Marriage Help" 214 "getting Divorced" 4 "help For Marriage" 2 "help For Troubled Marriage" 5 "help Me Save My Marriage" 2 "help My Marriage" 3 "help Save Marriage" 4 "help With Marriage" 2 "how To Divorce" 2 "low Cost Divorce" 7 "marriage Help Book" 2 "marriage Help Online" 4 "marriage Helps" 8 "marriage Married" 1 "marriage Relationship Help" 1 "married Fun" 1 "married Help" 4 "married People" 2 "married Relationship" 2 "married Relationships" 2 "need Marriage Help" 3 "quick Divorce" 5 "quickie Divorce" 5 "stop Your Divorce" 4 "uncontested Divorce" 2 "unhappily Married" 7 alternative to marriage counseling 2 avoid divorce 1 Beauty 4 Break Up Articles 5 Breast Cancer 2 Cosmetic Surgery 1 Divorce Issues 5 family counseling 1 free marriage book 1 Kids and Teens 2 marriage 162 marriage advice 2 marriage counseling 10 marriage counselling 1 marriage guidance 1 marriage help 4 marriage problem 1 marriage problem solving 1 married life 14 passion 42 relationships 26 save marriage 18 Teenagers 4 Top Answers 1376 Uncategorized 229 Womens Interests 235 Marriage Resources Seen on Oprah! 300 Creative Dates! "The Anatomy of An Affair" eBook! Keep Your Marriage eBook! Fairytale Wedding on a Budget! You Can Get Pregnant! Get Free of Porn Addiction! Terms of Use Contact Us Free Marriage Help RSS Free Stuff FTC Notice Privacy Freddie Mac Mortgage Not sure what to do about my wife s drug addiction hard time expressing feelings. My Fiencee has a real hard time expressing her feelings because of her past. Follow this link hard time expressing feelings. Home Related Articles Not sure what to do about my wife s drug addiction Separated from husband for 7 months now. This entry was posted on Friday, February 10th, 2012 at 11 28 am and is filed under "free Marriage Help" . You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed. You can leave a response , or trackback from your own site. Edited by J.V. Desantis | All Rights Reserved 2012 517 queries in 0.446 seconds')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01222', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"> Jump to Topic "cheap Divorce" 6 "christian Marriage Help" 4 "divorce Advice" 5 "divorce Filing" 10 "divorce Law" 2 "divorce Mediation" 9 "divorce Mediators" 6 "divorce Online" 1 "divorce Procedures" 3 "divorce Process" 4 "diy Divorce" 2 "do It Yourself Divorce" 8 "easy Divorce" 10 "fast Divorce" 1 "file For Divorce" 6 "filing For Divorce" 4 "free Marriage Counseling" 3 "free Marriage Help" 214 "getting Divorced" 4 "help For Marriage" 2 "help For Troubled Marriage" 5 "help Me Save My Marriage" 2 "help My Marriage" 3 "help Save Marriage" 4 "help With Marriage" 2 "how To Divorce" 2 "low Cost Divorce" 7 "marriage Help Book" 2 "marriage Help Online" 4 "marriage Helps" 8 "marriage Married" 1 "marriage Relationship Help" 1 "married Fun" 1 "married Help" 4 "married People" 2 "married Relationship" 2 "married Relationships" 2 "need Marriage Help" 3 "quick Divorce" 5 "quickie Divorce" 5 "stop Your Divorce" 4 "uncontested Divorce" 2 "unhappily Married" 7 alternative to marriage counseling 2 avoid divorce 1 Beauty 4 Break Up Articles 5 Breast Cancer 2 Cosmetic Surgery 1 Divorce Issues 5 family counseling 1 free marriage book 1 Kids and Teens 2 marriage 162 marriage advice 2 marriage counseling 10 marriage counselling 1 marriage guidance 1 marriage help 4 marriage problem 1 marriage problem solving 1 married life 14 passion 42 relationships 26 save marriage 18 Teenagers 4 Top Answers 1376 Uncategorized 229 Womens Interests 235 Marriage Resources Seen on Oprah! 300 Creative Dates! "The Anatomy of An Affair" eBook! Keep Your Marriage eBook! Fairytale Wedding on a Budget! You Can Get Pregnant! Get Free of Porn Addiction! Terms of Use Contact Us Free Marriage Help RSS Free Stuff FTC Notice Privacy Freddie Mac Mortgage Not sure what to do about my wife s drug addiction hard time expressing feelings. My Fiencee has a real hard time expressing her feelings because of her past. Follow this link hard time expressing feelings. Home Related Articles Not sure what to do about my wife s drug addiction Separated from husband for 7 months now. This entry was posted on Friday, February 10th, 2012 at 11 28 am and is filed under "free Marriage Help" . You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed. You can leave a response , or trackback from your own site. Edited by J.V. Desantis | All Rights Reserved 2012 517 queries in 1.860 seconds')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01223', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"> Jump to Topic "cheap Divorce" 6 "christian Marriage Help" 4 "divorce Advice" 5 "divorce Filing" 10 "divorce Law" 2 "divorce Mediation" 9 "divorce Mediators" 6 "divorce Online" 1 "divorce Procedures" 3 "divorce Process" 4 "diy Divorce" 2 "do It Yourself Divorce" 8 "easy Divorce" 10 "fast Divorce" 1 "file For Divorce" 6 "filing For Divorce" 4 "free Marriage Counseling" 3 "free Marriage Help" 214 "getting Divorced" 4 "help For Marriage" 2 "help For Troubled Marriage" 5 "help Me Save My Marriage" 2 "help My Marriage" 3 "help Save Marriage" 4 "help With Marriage" 2 "how To Divorce" 2 "low Cost Divorce" 7 "marriage Help Book" 2 "marriage Help Online" 4 "marriage Helps" 8 "marriage Married" 1 "marriage Relationship Help" 1 "married Fun" 1 "married Help" 4 "married People" 2 "married Relationship" 2 "married Relationships" 2 "need Marriage Help" 3 "quick Divorce" 5 "quickie Divorce" 5 "stop Your Divorce" 4 "uncontested Divorce" 2 "unhappily Married" 7 alternative to marriage counseling 2 avoid divorce 1 Beauty 4 Break Up Articles 5 Breast Cancer 2 Cosmetic Surgery 1 Divorce Issues 5 family counseling 1 free marriage book 1 Kids and Teens 2 marriage 162 marriage advice 2 marriage counseling 10 marriage counselling 1 marriage guidance 1 marriage help 4 marriage problem 1 marriage problem solving 1 married life 14 passion 42 relationships 26 save marriage 18 Teenagers 4 Top Answers 1376 Uncategorized 229 Womens Interests 235 Marriage Resources Seen on Oprah! 300 Creative Dates! "The Anatomy of An Affair" eBook! Keep Your Marriage eBook! Fairytale Wedding on a Budget! You Can Get Pregnant! Get Free of Porn Addiction! Terms of Use Contact Us Free Marriage Help RSS Free Stuff FTC Notice Privacy Not sure what to do about my wife s drug addiction When You Get A Divorce, Do You Give Each Other The Rings Back Illegal Marriage Immigration I entered the US without been inspected ILLEGALLY. I now have a US citizen girlfriend of 4 years and we are looking to get married what steps should i follow to become a US resident thru marriage. What are the chances the application will get accepted Home Related Articles When You Get A Divorce, Do You Give Each Other The Rings Back Freddie Mac Mortgage This entry was posted on Friday, February 10th, 2012 at 4 07 pm and is filed under Top Answers . You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed. You can leave a response , or trackback from your own site. Edited by J.V. Desantis | All Rights Reserved 2012 517 queries in 0.592 seconds')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01224', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"> Jump to Topic "cheap Divorce" 6 "christian Marriage Help" 4 "divorce Advice" 5 "divorce Filing" 10 "divorce Law" 2 "divorce Mediation" 9 "divorce Mediators" 6 "divorce Online" 1 "divorce Procedures" 3 "divorce Process" 4 "diy Divorce" 2 "do It Yourself Divorce" 8 "easy Divorce" 10 "fast Divorce" 1 "file For Divorce" 6 "filing For Divorce" 4 "free Marriage Counseling" 3 "free Marriage Help" 214 "getting Divorced" 4 "help For Marriage" 2 "help For Troubled Marriage" 5 "help Me Save My Marriage" 2 "help My Marriage" 3 "help Save Marriage" 4 "help With Marriage" 2 "how To Divorce" 2 "low Cost Divorce" 7 "marriage Help Book" 2 "marriage Help Online" 4 "marriage Helps" 8 "marriage Married" 1 "marriage Relationship Help" 1 "married Fun" 1 "married Help" 4 "married People" 2 "married Relationship" 2 "married Relationships" 2 "need Marriage Help" 3 "quick Divorce" 5 "quickie Divorce" 5 "stop Your Divorce" 4 "uncontested Divorce" 2 "unhappily Married" 7 alternative to marriage counseling 2 avoid divorce 1 Beauty 4 Break Up Articles 5 Breast Cancer 2 Cosmetic Surgery 1 Divorce Issues 5 family counseling 1 free marriage book 1 Kids and Teens 2 marriage 162 marriage advice 2 marriage counseling 10 marriage counselling 1 marriage guidance 1 marriage help 4 marriage problem 1 marriage problem solving 1 married life 14 passion 42 relationships 26 save marriage 18 Teenagers 4 Top Answers 1376 Uncategorized 229 Womens Interests 235 Marriage Resources Seen on Oprah! 300 Creative Dates! "The Anatomy of An Affair" eBook! Keep Your Marriage eBook! Fairytale Wedding on a Budget! You Can Get Pregnant! Get Free of Porn Addiction! Terms of Use Contact Us Free Marriage Help RSS Free Stuff FTC Notice Privacy hard time expressing feelings. Illegal Marriage Immigration Not sure what to do about my wife s drug addiction My wife has had a chemical dependency for nearly a year and a half. I don t understand it. Read More Not sure what to do about my wife s drug addiction Home Related Articles Separated from husband for 7 months now. Still hopeful and wanting my marriage This entry was posted on Friday, February 10th, 2012 at 11 28 am and is filed under "free Marriage Help" , marriage . You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed. You can leave a response , or trackback from your own site. Edited by J.V. Desantis | All Rights Reserved 2012 517 queries in 0.990 seconds')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01225', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"> Jump to Topic "cheap Divorce" 6 "christian Marriage Help" 4 "divorce Advice" 5 "divorce Filing" 10 "divorce Law" 2 "divorce Mediation" 9 "divorce Mediators" 6 "divorce Online" 1 "divorce Procedures" 3 "divorce Process" 4 "diy Divorce" 2 "do It Yourself Divorce" 8 "easy Divorce" 10 "fast Divorce" 1 "file For Divorce" 6 "filing For Divorce" 4 "free Marriage Counseling" 3 "free Marriage Help" 214 "getting Divorced" 4 "help For Marriage" 2 "help For Troubled Marriage" 5 "help Me Save My Marriage" 2 "help My Marriage" 3 "help Save Marriage" 4 "help With Marriage" 2 "how To Divorce" 2 "low Cost Divorce" 7 "marriage Help Book" 2 "marriage Help Online" 4 "marriage Helps" 8 "marriage Married" 1 "marriage Relationship Help" 1 "married Fun" 1 "married Help" 4 "married People" 2 "married Relationship" 2 "married Relationships" 2 "need Marriage Help" 3 "quick Divorce" 5 "quickie Divorce" 5 "stop Your Divorce" 4 "uncontested Divorce" 2 "unhappily Married" 7 alternative to marriage counseling 2 avoid divorce 1 Beauty 4 Break Up Articles 5 Breast Cancer 2 Cosmetic Surgery 1 Divorce Issues 5 family counseling 1 free marriage book 1 Kids and Teens 2 marriage 162 marriage advice 2 marriage counseling 10 marriage counselling 1 marriage guidance 1 marriage help 4 marriage problem 1 marriage problem solving 1 married life 14 passion 42 relationships 26 save marriage 18 Teenagers 4 Top Answers 1376 Uncategorized 229 Womens Interests 235 Marriage Resources Seen on Oprah! 300 Creative Dates! "The Anatomy of An Affair" eBook! Keep Your Marriage eBook! Fairytale Wedding on a Budget! You Can Get Pregnant! Get Free of Porn Addiction! Terms of Use Contact Us Free Marriage Help RSS Free Stuff FTC Notice Privacy Do You Think There Are Many Girls Who Are Like This Freddie Mac Mortgage There Is A Restraining Order Keeping Someone Out Of A County Due To Divorce A Hearing Is Scheduled In That is scheduled in that county can that person be arrested for entering that county to go to court and if they don t show up then a bench warrent will be issued right, for missing the hearing this would be a custody/divorce hearing Home Related Articles When You Get A Divorce, Do You Give Each Other The Rings Back Illegal Marriage Immigration Freddie Mac Mortgage This entry was posted on Friday, February 10th, 2012 at 10 10 am and is filed under Top Answers . You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed. You can leave a response , or trackback from your own site. Edited by J.V. Desantis | All Rights Reserved 2012 517 queries in 2.035 seconds')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01227', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"> My Free Gift To You! Live Abundantly with Good Credit! Click the Book!.... Jump to Topic "abundance Book" 4 "abundance Course" 11 "abundance Food" 10 "abundance For Life" 3 "abundance In Life" 6 "abundance Manifesting" 5 "abundance Mentality" 7 "abundance Wealth" 15 "attracting Abundance" 8 "financial Abundance" 5 "infinite Abundance" 8 "life Abundance" 14 "life In Abundance" 14 "life\'s Abundance" 3 "manifest Abundance" 11 "manifesting Abundance" 13 "money And Abundance" 268 "simple Abundance" 9 "the Abundance Book" 13 Abundance Forum 651 Change Management 1 Entrepreneurialism 1 happiness 10 instant abundance 4 negative attitude 3 Online Business 2 positive attitude 8 self esteem 2 self improvement 17 stinking thinking 2 Uncategorized 154 Abundance Resources Popular Downloads Free Trial Downloads New Products Novels eBooks Screensavers Debt & Credit Education Entrepreneur Personal Finance Home Business Investment Jobs Management Resume Self Employment Terms of Use About Contact Us Free Stuff FTC Notice Privacy Michigan Who Will Be The Leap Day Frontrunner feb. 29 I M Depressed Coz My Gf Ditched Me..what Do I Do Nw girls Help Me . Dysfunctional Relationship will It End Badly Or Nicely Dysfunctional relationship your opinion Do you perceive any real love,dedication in this marriage They are the strangest couples i have ever come across. Husband 31 and is famous and very wealthy. i mean this guy ever since he started dating this woman,had been repeatedly cheating on her,sometimes harassing female co workers sexually,getting infatuated with other ladies,going on dates with other women,making semi nude women sit on his lap and he always got himself photographed while doing all this.even after marriage hes been caught cheating with a fellow co worker and a friend he used to do drugs and stopped breathing and the fiance called the ambulance. But then why is he cheating always and how come shes always unperturbed by it She spends her days getting photographed with her friends clearly showing no concern,enjoying his fame,luxury and status. who blatantly posts pictures of herself and her dozen girl friends in bars,restaurants,bedrooms,stadiums,beach all over social networking sites and is least bothered about what he does.always clicking her pictures.in weird postures. she doesn t even spend much time with her child and spend s her time getting photographed with her friends The husband openly thrashed the fellow co worker one of his best friends her publicly on radio for being a and the 10 men he knows.she slept with.and who she must be sleeping with while hes talking mentioning wife saying what he put her through when stopped breathing after he overdosed on drugs 6 years ago and the wife has no effect. when he did drugs 6 years ago she did nothing to help him no rehab,no counseling only dressing up dainty and coming to events with him as normally people would do,instead when he overdosed and stopped breathing then she called the ambulance !what the heck ! BUT when she went to watch him perform she moved away from him,the moment she saw him coming near her, even though he wasn t even coming towards her.she said something and moved away immediately.HOW CAN A WIFE SHIFT AWAY AT THE SIGHT OF HER OWN HUSBAND!!!! They kiss in the crowds only when the husband can,and when lots of people see otherwise the woman sits backstage, And he keeps lying on twitter about what a family man he is And then on twitter he keeps saying things about her like shes back on twitter as people had said horrible things to her calling her a gold digger so she left showing her photo with her friends on twitter that she went to a Saturday night show saying happy birthday to me on twitter when we live together, time needed to be with family after he took a break from work everything on twitter Like spreading news that they are going to Bahamas for a family vacation when he took a break three weeks ago. On wife s birthday 11th Jan but didn t mention that they were going on her birthday, instead wrote happy birthday to her on his account on twitter when they live together!.the only thing he does is loving his daughter.he loves kid though. They don t even talk much and my relative is always busy with his daughter.and usually the wife is absent from the father-daughter play time. she also behaves very formally with her daughter too. and keeps clicking her pix only. whats this crap what is their problem is do they actually like each other what sort of relationship is this will it end badly or nicely hes my relative. answers only please Home Related Posts What Was The 70 s Bank-heist Film Title Where Why Do Wealthy Christians Think The Homeless Dont Have Real, Actual, Paying Jobs are Other Religions Snobs I M Depressed Coz My Gf Ditched Me..what Do I Do Nw girls Help Me . Edited by J.V. Desantis | All Rights Reserved 2012 516 queries in 3.150 seconds')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01228', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"> My Free Gift To You! Live Abundantly with Good Credit! Click the Book!.... Jump to Topic "abundance Book" 4 "abundance Course" 11 "abundance Food" 10 "abundance For Life" 3 "abundance In Life" 6 "abundance Manifesting" 5 "abundance Mentality" 7 "abundance Wealth" 15 "attracting Abundance" 8 "financial Abundance" 5 "infinite Abundance" 8 "life Abundance" 14 "life In Abundance" 14 "life\'s Abundance" 3 "manifest Abundance" 11 "manifesting Abundance" 13 "money And Abundance" 268 "simple Abundance" 9 "the Abundance Book" 13 Abundance Forum 651 Change Management 1 Entrepreneurialism 1 happiness 10 instant abundance 4 negative attitude 3 Online Business 2 positive attitude 8 self esteem 2 self improvement 17 stinking thinking 2 Uncategorized 154 Abundance Resources Popular Downloads Free Trial Downloads New Products Novels eBooks Screensavers Debt & Credit Education Entrepreneur Personal Finance Home Business Investment Jobs Management Resume Self Employment Terms of Use About Contact Us Free Stuff FTC Notice Privacy Dysfunctional Relationship will It End Badly Or Nicely Why Do Wealthy Christians Think The Homeless Dont Have Real, Actual, Paying Jobs are Other Religions Snobs I M Depressed Coz My Gf Ditched Me..what Do I Do Nw girls Help Me . I love my gf from 7 years.. Bt she dont respect me and dont listen to me. We met many times and we were in long dist rship. from 6 months. she was not loyal to me.and she was just ignoring me..still i love her What should i do i became sychopath. i cant eat anything and do anything well..please help me she is my 1st love..i love her from 7 years..Bt she dont care me.i explained her many times bt she broke my heart i m depressed and cant able 2 sleep and just thinking about her 24 hours..why she ditched me without any reason Well she is richer than me and i seems ego of her..Bt i love her truely bt she dont want to marry with me.. Guyz i m very much caring of her and she dont care for me.,i give her all the freedom. Please help me i explained her 1000 Times bt she just refusing and insulting me if i call her. what do i do Home Related Posts What Was The 70 s Bank-heist Film Title Where Why Do Wealthy Christians Think The Homeless Dont Have Real, Actual, Paying Jobs are Other Religions Snobs Edited by J.V. Desantis | All Rights Reserved 2012 516 queries in 1.872 seconds')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01229', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"> My Free Gift To You! Live Abundantly with Good Credit! Click the Book!.... Jump to Topic "abundance Book" 4 "abundance Course" 11 "abundance Food" 10 "abundance For Life" 3 "abundance In Life" 6 "abundance Manifesting" 5 "abundance Mentality" 7 "abundance Wealth" 15 "attracting Abundance" 8 "financial Abundance" 5 "infinite Abundance" 8 "life Abundance" 14 "life In Abundance" 14 "life\'s Abundance" 3 "manifest Abundance" 11 "manifesting Abundance" 13 "money And Abundance" 268 "simple Abundance" 9 "the Abundance Book" 13 Abundance Forum 651 Change Management 1 Entrepreneurialism 1 happiness 10 instant abundance 4 negative attitude 3 Online Business 2 positive attitude 8 self esteem 2 self improvement 17 stinking thinking 2 Uncategorized 154 Abundance Resources Popular Downloads Free Trial Downloads New Products Novels eBooks Screensavers Debt & Credit Education Entrepreneur Personal Finance Home Business Investment Jobs Management Resume Self Employment Terms of Use About Contact Us Free Stuff FTC Notice Privacy Why Do Wealthy Christians Think The Homeless Dont Have Real, Actual, Paying Jobs are Other Religions Snobs What Was The 70 s Bank-heist Film Title Where what was the 70 s or maybe early 80 s bank-heist FILM TITLE in which for the ending scene, the movie showed one of the main characters who had succeeded in accomplishing with 5 or 6 fellow-accomplices what seemed to be, an almost impossible bank-robbery.. they did it by dodging around a complex grid-pattern of security-system infra-red light-beams and now, for the ending, this main character is shown supposedly 10 or 15 years later, visiting one of his [now very wealthy] fellow-accomplice s office Our main character is then shown-in to the fellow-accomplice s office by the secretary, he very calmly sits down, and looks his past accomplice in the eye, and asks him if he s interested in helping him do ANOTHER job he has planned!!! ..did anyone see this film i remember it was an edge-of-your-seat thriller, and this ending really captivated me.. i would love to know if anyone could tell me the name of it so i could search for it and perhaps see it again..will be so grateful for any ideas.. thanks kindly. Home Related Posts Why Do Wealthy Christians Think The Homeless Dont Have Real, Actual, Paying Jobs are Other Religions Snobs I M Depressed Coz My Gf Ditched Me..what Do I Do Nw girls Help Me . Edited by J.V. Desantis | All Rights Reserved 2012 516 queries in 3.234 seconds')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01230', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"> My Free Gift To You! Live Abundantly with Good Credit! Click the Book!.... Jump to Topic "abundance Book" 4 "abundance Course" 11 "abundance Food" 10 "abundance For Life" 3 "abundance In Life" 6 "abundance Manifesting" 5 "abundance Mentality" 7 "abundance Wealth" 15 "attracting Abundance" 8 "financial Abundance" 5 "infinite Abundance" 8 "life Abundance" 14 "life In Abundance" 14 "life\'s Abundance" 3 "manifest Abundance" 11 "manifesting Abundance" 13 "money And Abundance" 268 "simple Abundance" 9 "the Abundance Book" 13 Abundance Forum 651 Change Management 1 Entrepreneurialism 1 happiness 10 instant abundance 4 negative attitude 3 Online Business 2 positive attitude 8 self esteem 2 self improvement 17 stinking thinking 2 Uncategorized 154 Abundance Resources Popular Downloads Free Trial Downloads New Products Novels eBooks Screensavers Debt & Credit Education Entrepreneur Personal Finance Home Business Investment Jobs Management Resume Self Employment Terms of Use About Contact Us Free Stuff FTC Notice Privacy I M Depressed Coz My Gf Ditched Me..what Do I Do Nw girls Help Me . What Was The 70 s Bank-heist Film Title Where Why Do Wealthy Christians Think The Homeless Dont Have Real, Actual, Paying Jobs are Other Religions Snobs Are people really that out of touch with reality, or does the $20 phone I bought with my wages, that I use for the internet, and the clothes I buy at Kmart, and the food my wages buys at Save a lot just not make me good enough to be quite human -though as Ive noticed-the wealthy snots out there who I work for dont seem to mind that they can pay peanuts for my 25 years of dam good work ethics Home Related Posts What Was The 70 s Bank-heist Film Title Where I M Depressed Coz My Gf Ditched Me..what Do I Do Nw girls Help Me . Edited by J.V. Desantis | All Rights Reserved 2012 516 queries in 0.729 seconds')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01231', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"> My Free Gift To You! Live Abundantly with Good Credit! Click the Book!.... Jump to Topic "abundance Book" 4 "abundance Course" 11 "abundance Food" 10 "abundance For Life" 3 "abundance In Life" 6 "abundance Manifesting" 5 "abundance Mentality" 7 "abundance Wealth" 15 "attracting Abundance" 8 "financial Abundance" 5 "infinite Abundance" 8 "life Abundance" 14 "life In Abundance" 14 "life\'s Abundance" 3 "manifest Abundance" 11 "manifesting Abundance" 13 "money And Abundance" 268 "simple Abundance" 9 "the Abundance Book" 13 Abundance Forum 651 Change Management 1 Entrepreneurialism 1 happiness 10 instant abundance 4 negative attitude 3 Online Business 2 positive attitude 8 self esteem 2 self improvement 17 stinking thinking 2 Uncategorized 154 Abundance Resources Popular Downloads Free Trial Downloads New Products Novels eBooks Screensavers Debt & Credit Education Entrepreneur Personal Finance Home Business Investment Jobs Management Resume Self Employment Terms of Use About Contact Us Free Stuff FTC Notice Privacy I M Depressed Coz My Gf Ditched Me..what Do I Do Nw girls Help Me . What Was The 70 s Bank-heist Film Title Where Why Do Wealthy Christians Think The Homeless Dont Have Real, Actual, Paying Jobs are Other Religions Snobs Are people really that out of touch with reality, or does the $20 phone I bought with my wages, that I use for the internet, and the clothes I buy at Kmart, and the food my wages buys at Save a lot just not make me good enough to be quite human -though as Ive noticed-the wealthy snots out there who I work for dont seem to mind that they can pay peanuts for my 25 years of dam good work ethics Home Related Posts What Was The 70 s Bank-heist Film Title Where I M Depressed Coz My Gf Ditched Me..what Do I Do Nw girls Help Me . Edited by J.V. Desantis | All Rights Reserved 2012 516 queries in 0.944 seconds')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01233', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Breast Cancer Prevention How to Get Ready For Your Mammogram Posted By James S. Pendergraft Posted by AfroArticles.com - Article Marketing Directory Health | Diseases | Cancer | Cancer Survival By James S. Pendergraft Read more Related Posts Breakthroughs Demonstrate Importance Of Targeted Therapies For Lung Cancer Battling Lung Cancer With Combination Drug Therapy A New Genetic Subtype Of Lung Cancer Defined Click here to get legal advice from local attorneys specializing in the area of law you need. Home Need Something Else Click below.... Best Fatburn Answers | Best Personal Injury Attorney | Christianity Teachings | Free eBooks Library | Free Marriage Help | Instant Abundance | Mental Success | Pick Up Women Guide | Power and Politics in America | Relationships Tips | Workplace Behavior | Best Paying Survey Sites | Asthma Cure Guide | Beginner Blues Guitar | Brighter Teeth | Best Dating Tips | Magnet4power | Micro Home Brewery | Choose Baby Gender | Cure Asthma Guide | Currency Trader Scam | Magnet4power Reviews | Tattoo Fever Reviews | People Search4free Reviews | Clickbank Explained | AnswersPlus.Info Reviews | Blues Guitar for Beginners | 6 Pack Abs Reviews | Cheap Airline Tickets Scam | Bad Breath Explained | How To Blog for Money | How To Fix Credit Explained | Dog Foods That Kill | Dominate Clickbank Reviews | DUI DWI Explained | Reduce Electric Bills Scam | Top Acne Solutions Exposed | Best Paying Online Surveys | Pick Up Hot Girls Today | 7 Minute Fat Loss Workout | Getting Started With Facebook | Facebook Advertising Explained | Free Health and Fitness Guide | Internet Products Closeout | Yahoo Answers Secrets Exposed | Repair Credit Fast and Easy | Getting Started with Squidoo | Craigslist Money Secrets | Free Website Traffic Exposed | Hub Pages Videos | Website Indexing Videos | Show Biz Memory Tricks | Metabolism Secrets to Weightloss | Self Esteem Secrets | Video Creation for Newbies | YouTube Marketing Exposed Categories About Mesothelioma Asbestos Cancer Mesothelioma Epithelioid Mesothelioma Malignant Mesothelioma Malignant Pleural Mesothelioma Mesothelioma Mesothelioma Article Mesothelioma Asbestos Mesothelioma Attorney Mesothelioma Attorneys Mesothelioma Cancer Mesothelioma Case Mesothelioma Cause Mesothelioma Chemotherapy Mesothelioma Claims Mesothelioma Diagnosis Mesothelioma Facts Mesothelioma Lawsuits Mesothelioma Lawyers Mesothelioma Litigation Mesothelioma Lung Cancer Mesothelioma Research Mesothelioma Resources Mesothelioma Settlement Mesothelioma Survival Mesothelioma Symptoms Mesothelioma Treatment Options Pericardial Mesothelioma Peritoneal Mesothelioma Top Q&A Uncategorized What Is Mesothelioma Privacy-FTC Notice-Disclaimer | Free Stuff | Subscribe to RSS Mesothelioma Expert Answers | Blog & Free Forum | Get Questions Answered . All Rights Reserved 2012 514 queries in 0.516 seconds')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01234', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> How Does the Medicare Plan D Apply to Mesothelioma Patients Posted By Bello Kamorudeen Posted by AfroArticles.com - Article Marketing Directory Health | Diseases | Cancer | Cancer Survival By Bello Kamorudeen Read more Related Posts Breakthroughs Demonstrate Importance Of Targeted Therapies For Lung Cancer Battling Lung Cancer With Combination Drug Therapy A New Genetic Subtype Of Lung Cancer Defined Click here to get legal advice from local attorneys specializing in the area of law you need. Home Mesothelioma Chemotherapy What Are the Six Commonly Used Chemotherapy Agents Posted By Bello Kamorudeen Posted by AfroArticles.com - Article Marketing Directory Health | Diseases | Cancer | Cancer Survival By Bello Kamorudeen Read more Related Posts Breakthroughs Demonstrate Importance Of Targeted Therapies For Lung Cancer Battling Lung Cancer With Combination Drug Therapy A New Genetic Subtype Of Lung Cancer Defined Click here to get legal advice from local attorneys specializing in the area of law you need. Home Need Something Else Click below.... Best Fatburn Answers | Best Personal Injury Attorney | Christianity Teachings | Free eBooks Library | Free Marriage Help | Instant Abundance | Mental Success | Pick Up Women Guide | Power and Politics in America | Relationships Tips | Workplace Behavior | Best Paying Survey Sites | Asthma Cure Guide | Beginner Blues Guitar | Brighter Teeth | Best Dating Tips | Magnet4power | Micro Home Brewery | Choose Baby Gender | Cure Asthma Guide | Currency Trader Scam | Magnet4power Reviews | Tattoo Fever Reviews | People Search4free Reviews | Clickbank Explained | AnswersPlus.Info Reviews | Blues Guitar for Beginners | 6 Pack Abs Reviews | Cheap Airline Tickets Scam | Bad Breath Explained | How To Blog for Money | How To Fix Credit Explained | Dog Foods That Kill | Dominate Clickbank Reviews | DUI DWI Explained | Reduce Electric Bills Scam | Top Acne Solutions Exposed | Best Paying Online Surveys | Pick Up Hot Girls Today | 7 Minute Fat Loss Workout | Getting Started With Facebook | Facebook Advertising Explained | Free Health and Fitness Guide | Internet Products Closeout | Yahoo Answers Secrets Exposed | Repair Credit Fast and Easy | Getting Started with Squidoo | Craigslist Money Secrets | Free Website Traffic Exposed | Hub Pages Videos | Website Indexing Videos | Show Biz Memory Tricks | Metabolism Secrets to Weightloss | Self Esteem Secrets | Video Creation for Newbies | YouTube Marketing Exposed Categories About Mesothelioma Asbestos Cancer Mesothelioma Epithelioid Mesothelioma Malignant Mesothelioma Malignant Pleural Mesothelioma Mesothelioma Mesothelioma Article Mesothelioma Asbestos Mesothelioma Attorney Mesothelioma Attorneys Mesothelioma Cancer Mesothelioma Case Mesothelioma Cause Mesothelioma Chemotherapy Mesothelioma Claims Mesothelioma Diagnosis Mesothelioma Facts Mesothelioma Lawsuits Mesothelioma Lawyers Mesothelioma Litigation Mesothelioma Lung Cancer Mesothelioma Research Mesothelioma Resources Mesothelioma Settlement Mesothelioma Survival Mesothelioma Symptoms Mesothelioma Treatment Options Pericardial Mesothelioma Peritoneal Mesothelioma Top Q&A Uncategorized What Is Mesothelioma Privacy-FTC Notice-Disclaimer | Free Stuff | Subscribe to RSS Mesothelioma Expert Answers | Blog & Free Forum | Get Questions Answered . All Rights Reserved 2012 517 queries in 0.358 seconds')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01235', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Metastatic Breast Cancer Causes, Symptoms And Treatment Posted By James S. Pendergraft Posted by AfroArticles.com - Article Marketing Directory Health | Diseases | Cancer | Cancer Survival By James S. Pendergraft Read more Related Posts Breakthroughs Demonstrate Importance Of Targeted Therapies For Lung Cancer Battling Lung Cancer With Combination Drug Therapy A New Genetic Subtype Of Lung Cancer Defined Click here to get legal advice from local attorneys specializing in the area of law you need. Home Need Something Else Click below.... Best Fatburn Answers | Best Personal Injury Attorney | Christianity Teachings | Free eBooks Library | Free Marriage Help | Instant Abundance | Mental Success | Pick Up Women Guide | Power and Politics in America | Relationships Tips | Workplace Behavior | Best Paying Survey Sites | Asthma Cure Guide | Beginner Blues Guitar | Brighter Teeth | Best Dating Tips | Magnet4power | Micro Home Brewery | Choose Baby Gender | Cure Asthma Guide | Currency Trader Scam | Magnet4power Reviews | Tattoo Fever Reviews | People Search4free Reviews | Clickbank Explained | AnswersPlus.Info Reviews | Blues Guitar for Beginners | 6 Pack Abs Reviews | Cheap Airline Tickets Scam | Bad Breath Explained | How To Blog for Money | How To Fix Credit Explained | Dog Foods That Kill | Dominate Clickbank Reviews | DUI DWI Explained | Reduce Electric Bills Scam | Top Acne Solutions Exposed | Best Paying Online Surveys | Pick Up Hot Girls Today | 7 Minute Fat Loss Workout | Getting Started With Facebook | Facebook Advertising Explained | Free Health and Fitness Guide | Internet Products Closeout | Yahoo Answers Secrets Exposed | Repair Credit Fast and Easy | Getting Started with Squidoo | Craigslist Money Secrets | Free Website Traffic Exposed | Hub Pages Videos | Website Indexing Videos | Show Biz Memory Tricks | Metabolism Secrets to Weightloss | Self Esteem Secrets | Video Creation for Newbies | YouTube Marketing Exposed Categories About Mesothelioma Asbestos Cancer Mesothelioma Epithelioid Mesothelioma Malignant Mesothelioma Malignant Pleural Mesothelioma Mesothelioma Mesothelioma Article Mesothelioma Asbestos Mesothelioma Attorney Mesothelioma Attorneys Mesothelioma Cancer Mesothelioma Case Mesothelioma Cause Mesothelioma Chemotherapy Mesothelioma Claims Mesothelioma Diagnosis Mesothelioma Facts Mesothelioma Lawsuits Mesothelioma Lawyers Mesothelioma Litigation Mesothelioma Lung Cancer Mesothelioma Research Mesothelioma Resources Mesothelioma Settlement Mesothelioma Survival Mesothelioma Symptoms Mesothelioma Treatment Options Pericardial Mesothelioma Peritoneal Mesothelioma Top Q&A Uncategorized What Is Mesothelioma Privacy-FTC Notice-Disclaimer | Free Stuff | Subscribe to RSS Mesothelioma Expert Answers | Blog & Free Forum | Get Questions Answered . All Rights Reserved 2012 514 queries in 0.464 seconds')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01236', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Dying For The Perfect Tan Posted By Dori Schwaiger. Posted by AfroArticles.com - Article Marketing Directory Health | Diseases | Cancer | Cancer Survival By Dori Schwaiger. [ Posted On 2010-05-06 ] Post a Comment Read more Related Posts Breakthroughs Demonstrate Importance Of Targeted Therapies For Lung Cancer Battling Lung Cancer With Combination Drug Therapy A New Genetic Subtype Of Lung Cancer Defined Click here to get legal advice from local attorneys specializing in the area of law you need. Home Need Something Else Click below.... Best Fatburn Answers | Best Personal Injury Attorney | Christianity Teachings | Free eBooks Library | Free Marriage Help | Instant Abundance | Mental Success | Pick Up Women Guide | Power and Politics in America | Relationships Tips | Workplace Behavior | Best Paying Survey Sites | Asthma Cure Guide | Beginner Blues Guitar | Brighter Teeth | Best Dating Tips | Magnet4power | Micro Home Brewery | Choose Baby Gender | Cure Asthma Guide | Currency Trader Scam | Magnet4power Reviews | Tattoo Fever Reviews | People Search4free Reviews | Clickbank Explained | AnswersPlus.Info Reviews | Blues Guitar for Beginners | 6 Pack Abs Reviews | Cheap Airline Tickets Scam | Bad Breath Explained | How To Blog for Money | How To Fix Credit Explained | Dog Foods That Kill | Dominate Clickbank Reviews | DUI DWI Explained | Reduce Electric Bills Scam | Top Acne Solutions Exposed | Best Paying Online Surveys | Pick Up Hot Girls Today | 7 Minute Fat Loss Workout | Getting Started With Facebook | Facebook Advertising Explained | Free Health and Fitness Guide | Internet Products Closeout | Yahoo Answers Secrets Exposed | Repair Credit Fast and Easy | Getting Started with Squidoo | Craigslist Money Secrets | Free Website Traffic Exposed | Hub Pages Videos | Website Indexing Videos | Show Biz Memory Tricks | Metabolism Secrets to Weightloss | Self Esteem Secrets | Video Creation for Newbies | YouTube Marketing Exposed Categories About Mesothelioma Asbestos Cancer Mesothelioma Epithelioid Mesothelioma Malignant Mesothelioma Malignant Pleural Mesothelioma Mesothelioma Mesothelioma Article Mesothelioma Asbestos Mesothelioma Attorney Mesothelioma Attorneys Mesothelioma Cancer Mesothelioma Case Mesothelioma Cause Mesothelioma Chemotherapy Mesothelioma Claims Mesothelioma Diagnosis Mesothelioma Facts Mesothelioma Lawsuits Mesothelioma Lawyers Mesothelioma Litigation Mesothelioma Lung Cancer Mesothelioma Research Mesothelioma Resources Mesothelioma Settlement Mesothelioma Survival Mesothelioma Symptoms Mesothelioma Treatment Options Pericardial Mesothelioma Peritoneal Mesothelioma Top Q&A Uncategorized What Is Mesothelioma Privacy-FTC Notice-Disclaimer | Free Stuff | Subscribe to RSS Mesothelioma Expert Answers | Blog & Free Forum | Get Questions Answered . All Rights Reserved 2012 514 queries in 0.405 seconds')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01237', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Treatment of epithelioid mesothelioma Posted by Timothy Allageri Treatment of epithelioid mesothelioma Epithelioid mesothelioma is the most common cell type that is relatively uniform in shape and has a tubular pattern with a distinct cell nucleus. Epithelioid is the most common kind; 50-70% cases reported are of this type, which also has the best possibility of survival. This type affects the covering surrounding the internal organs and internal surfaces in the body. In spite of various new treatment options, the survival rate of Mesothelioma disease is low. These options have helped in increasing the longevity of mesothelioma patients. Statistics indicate that the average survival period after diagnosis is about one year. The survival period might increase up to two years if the proper treatment is done aggressively. More than 95% cases with mesothelioma disease occur due to asbestos exposure. Epithelium is a tissue separating different regions of the body. Like in the case of epithelial cells found in the skin detaches the outside of the body from the inside of the body. This serves varied responsibilities like protection, absorption, filtration, excretion, secretion or sensory reception. Read more Related Posts Dying For The Perfect Tan Posted By Dori Schwaiger. Metastatic Breast Cancer Causes, Symptoms And Treatment Posted By James S. Pendergraft Click here to get legal advice from local attorneys specializing in the area of law you need. Home Understanding Mesothelioma How To Win Your Claim Posted by Timothy Allageri Understanding Mesothelioma How To Win Your Claim Mesothelioma is a grave and uncommon sickness, caused by sustained and persistent exposure and breathing in of the asbestos fibers rampantly used in most industries till early 1980s. It is the cancer of the Mesothelioma layer, a protective sac that encloses some major organs in the human body. The Calamity Sadly the fact remains that the disease of Mesothelioma is diagnosed only in the final stages and remains incurable at that time. The fat is further psychologically worsened by the fact that it was caused by pure carelessness and avoiding using proper preventive covering and precautions. The risk has been made evident by research since the 1920s, but the corporations that had the risk never encouraged use of these precautions. These facts bring to light a simple hope of compensation that a victim could be eligible for in the darkness of this disease that ends in death. Read more Related Posts Can You Assess My Health Hereditary/environmental Factors Why Dont People Agree With Insurance Coverage Of Birth Control Can You Help Me Out Without This Query To Do With A Possible Stroke Click here to get legal advice from local attorneys specializing in the area of law you need. Home Mesothelioma You Never Have To Be Alone Posted by Timothy Allageri Your days aren t numbered, that s for sure. With the help of Mesothelioma support, you can prolong your existence in the face of the fatal mesothelioma cancer. Mesothelioma is a lethal cancer of the pleural lining of the lungs, mainly due to exposure to asbestos. This disease has an incubation period of 20-30 years and often people die with inadequate medical and financial assistance. Nowadays, mesothelioma support has a sure remedy for you. An early diagnosis increases the possibility to have a longer life; so contact your doctor if you show the symptoms such as chest pain, trouble in swallowing, nausea, feeling out of breath always, increased platelet count greater than 400,000/mcL and have a history of asbestos exposure. There is still a lack regarding the knowledge about mesothelioma cancer; for the ill-fated ones, there is possible mesothelioma support that can look after your rights and possible financial assistance additionally. Mesothelioma Support services are to be had at major cancer centers and the patient has to speak with his or her family and seek help from clergy, friends, and institutions concerning the availability of educational materials, telephone support, personalized medical information, online discussions, message boards, and individual consultation with trained counselors. Legal counseling along with aid from housing, utilities, transportation, accurate medical treatment, pharmaceutical supplies and services should be the prime motto of mesothelioma support. Support from the family is vital so that all adults should have a will and other necessary paperwork in place, craft a budget, and check cash flow, which can be looked after with the help of the Licensed Certified Financial Planners and Hospital Billing Representatives who will help on insurances. Read more Related Posts Dean Ornish Shows How to Reverse Prostate Cancer with Nutrigenomics Posted By Mark Hyman Is There a Cure for Cancer Posted By Michael Skinner Pericardial Mesothelioma Quick Facts Click here to get legal advice from local attorneys specializing in the area of law you need. Home Surviving Desmoplastic Mesothelioma, What Will Be Your Odds Posted by Timothy Allageri Surviving Desmoplastic Mesothelioma, What Will Be Your Odds Desmoplastic Mesothelioma impacts three thousand individuals every single year are detected to have Desmoplastic Mesothelioma in the Usa alone. Sadly, Desmoplastic Mesothelioma can be an hostile and typically deadly variety of cancer which results coming from asbestos direct exposure. This disorder takes place when microscopic asbestos fibers have been consumed and also get stuck into the linings of the lungs. Just what are the possibilities for Desmoplastic Mesothelioma survival when a patient gets diagnosed Unfortunately, not a lot of sufferers of Desmoplastic Mesothelioma make it through more than five years following the diagnosis has been made. Desmoplastic Mesothelioma success odds tend to be increased in the event that the illness is detected early on. However, this kind of cancer is difficult to diagnose in its first phases. When it is discovered and identified, it is oftentimes in its progressed phase and too past due to get a definitive cure. In accordance to trustworthy sources, fewer than ten percent of mesothelioma victims get the likelihood to pull through more than 5 years, whilst about 40% of affected people endure more than a year following a diagnosis. As you browse through this write-up you can locate a great deal of information and facts with regards to Desmoplastic Mesothelioma. Different elements decide survival regarding all types of cancer which includes Desmoplastic Mesothelioma. These include The actual present period associated with the cancers. The levels associated with Desmoplastic Mesothelioma cancer selection from Phase One, that mostly implies that the growth is local in the upper body lining, to Phase 4, indicating that the tumor has spread to other essential bodily organs. Read more Related Posts Surviving Desmoplastic Mesothelioma, What Will Be Your Odds Dying For The Perfect Tan Posted By Dori Schwaiger. Metastatic Breast Cancer Causes, Symptoms And Treatment Posted By James S. Pendergraft Click here to get legal advice from local attorneys specializing in the area of law you need. Home A brief review on types of mesothelioma Posted by Timothy Allageri A brief review on types of mesothelioma Mesothelioma has emerged as a fatal disease only in the recent years. It is a form of cancer and usually presents itself in malignant form and results in forming tumours in or around the important organs of the body. The mesothelium is the lining that protects the internal organs of the body. Mesothelioma causes this lining to become malignant and grow deadly for the patient if not diagnosed in its earliest stages. We know from medical experimentation that mesothelioma is caused by the patient being exposed to excessive amounts of asbestos and it can be of three types pleural, peritoneal or pericardial. Each of the types has specific symptoms and there are some symptoms that are common to all three. However in all cases, the patient rarely realizes that he is suffering from mesothelioma till many years after he has contracted the malignance. The most common type of mesothelioma is pleural mesothelioma. In this case, the lungs are affected and the lining of the lungs as well as its cavity might become malignant. The symptoms in this case include the congestion of fluid in between the lung lining and the chest cavity., problems in breathing, difficulty in swallowing food or liquids, shortness of breath, lasting stretches of coughing, excessive weight loss, persistent fever, occasional coughing up of blood as well as rasping. A rarer type of the disease is peritoneal mesothelioma. In this case, the abdomen or the stomach is affected. In this type of mesothelioma, the cancer can occur in areas of the abdomen but gradually spread throughout the body. Tumours grow along the wall of the stomach and cause many of the following symptoms pains in the abdomen, swelling in the stomach, feeling of nausea, loss in appetite, problems in breathing, bowel obstruction, fever, vomiting, pains in the chest region, anaemia and other abnormalities of blood clotting. The rarest form of mesothelioma is pericardial mesothelioma. In this case, the heart and its surrounding or inner parts are affected by the cancer. In pericardial mesothelioma, the patient might experience chest pain, breathing problems including shortness of breath, palpitation in the heart as well as persistent coughing. Read more Related Posts Dean Ornish Shows How to Reverse Prostate Cancer with Nutrigenomics Posted By Mark Hyman Is There a Cure for Cancer Posted By Michael Skinner Pericardial Mesothelioma Quick Facts Click here to get legal advice from local attorneys specializing in the area of law you need. Home Older Posts Need Something Else Click below.... Best Fatburn Answers | Best Personal Injury Attorney | Christianity Teachings | Free eBooks Library | Free Marriage Help | Instant Abundance | Mental Success | Pick Up Women Guide | Power and Politics in America | Relationships Tips | Workplace Behavior | Best Paying Survey Sites | Asthma Cure Guide | Beginner Blues Guitar | Brighter Teeth | Best Dating Tips | Magnet4power | Micro Home Brewery | Choose Baby Gender | Cure Asthma Guide | Currency Trader Scam | Magnet4power Reviews | Tattoo Fever Reviews | People Search4free Reviews | Clickbank Explained | AnswersPlus.Info Reviews | Blues Guitar for Beginners | 6 Pack Abs Reviews | Cheap Airline Tickets Scam | Bad Breath Explained | How To Blog for Money | How To Fix Credit Explained | Dog Foods That Kill | Dominate Clickbank Reviews | DUI DWI Explained | Reduce Electric Bills Scam | Top Acne Solutions Exposed | Best Paying Online Surveys | Pick Up Hot Girls Today | 7 Minute Fat Loss Workout | Getting Started With Facebook | Facebook Advertising Explained | Free Health and Fitness Guide | Internet Products Closeout | Yahoo Answers Secrets Exposed | Repair Credit Fast and Easy | Getting Started with Squidoo | Craigslist Money Secrets | Free Website Traffic Exposed | Hub Pages Videos | Website Indexing Videos | Show Biz Memory Tricks | Metabolism Secrets to Weightloss | Self Esteem Secrets | Video Creation for Newbies | YouTube Marketing Exposed Categories About Mesothelioma Asbestos Cancer Mesothelioma Epithelioid Mesothelioma Malignant Mesothelioma Malignant Pleural Mesothelioma Mesothelioma Mesothelioma Article Mesothelioma Asbestos Mesothelioma Attorney Mesothelioma Attorneys Mesothelioma Cancer Mesothelioma Case Mesothelioma Cause Mesothelioma Chemotherapy Mesothelioma Claims Mesothelioma Diagnosis Mesothelioma Facts Mesothelioma Lawsuits Mesothelioma Lawyers Mesothelioma Litigation Mesothelioma Lung Cancer Mesothelioma Research Mesothelioma Resources Mesothelioma Settlement Mesothelioma Survival Mesothelioma Symptoms Mesothelioma Treatment Options Pericardial Mesothelioma Peritoneal Mesothelioma Top Q&A Uncategorized What Is Mesothelioma Privacy-FTC Notice-Disclaimer | Free Stuff | Subscribe to RSS Mesothelioma Expert Answers | Blog & Free Forum | Get Questions Answered . All Rights Reserved 2012 529 queries in 0.929 seconds')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01238', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Pericardial Mesothelioma Quick Facts Posted by Timothy Allageri What is pericardial mesothelioma It is a cancer caused by the inhalation of asbestos dust, and is the most rare of mesothelioma cancers. It accounts for about 5% of all cases. Its period of latency time it takes for the symptoms to show is approximately 30-50 years. Symptoms are similar to other diseases such as pneumonia whilst in the early stages. This makes it rather difficult to diagnose and treat. What are the treatment options for pericardial mesothelioma There are three options available for an individual diagnosed with this cancer; surgery, radiation and chemotherapy. A patient will first require a doctor s evaluation to determine which treatment option is suitable for him. Read more Related Posts Dean Ornish Shows How to Reverse Prostate Cancer with Nutrigenomics Posted By Mark Hyman Is There a Cure for Cancer Posted By Michael Skinner Click here to get legal advice from local attorneys specializing in the area of law you need. Home Mesothelioma Treatments Some Basic Facts Posted by Timothy Allageri Before we discuss about mesothelioma treatments it is important to have an understanding of what is mesothelioma. Mesothelioma is a rare cancer of the linings of lungs and abdominal area caused by exposure to asbestos fibers. It takes 30 40 years for this cancer to appear after the asbestos exposure. It is important to treat this cancer in the early stages otherwise it proves fatal. Various mesothelioma treatments are surgery, chemotherapy and radiation therapy. There are two types of surgeries for mesothelioma treatments, Aggressive Surgery and Palliative Procedures. Before performing any surgery, it is necessary to check whether the heart and lungs are functioning properly. Of the two types, aggressive surgery, also known as Pneumonectomy, is complicated surgery performed on younger patients, who are good in health and can bear the surgery. Pneumonectomy involves the removal of extra pleural membrane. The main purpose of this mesothelioma treatment is to physically remove as much tumor as possible. Palliative procedures of mesothelioma treatment are known as Pleurectomy. It is done in the early stages of cancer. This process of mesothelioma treatment involves surgical removal of pleura. However, the procedures are involved to lessen and control the symptoms rather than to cure the disease. This surgery reduces the pain caused by the tumor mass and helps in preventing the recurrence of pleural effusion. Complete removal of tumor is not possible with this procedure. Read more Related Posts Dean Ornish Shows How to Reverse Prostate Cancer with Nutrigenomics Posted By Mark Hyman Is There a Cure for Cancer Posted By Michael Skinner Click here to get legal advice from local attorneys specializing in the area of law you need. Home Mesothelioma Statistics An Eye-opener Posted by Timothy Allageri Mesothelioma statistics are data about mesothelioma a dangerous cancer that affects the lining of the lungs and the abdomen. In some cases, mesothelioma can affect the heart and reproductive organs too. It is a fatal disease with patients surviving for only one-two years after the diagnosis. What have Mesothelioma Statistics Revealed Mesothelioma statistics have revealed that nearly seventy to eighty per cent of all cases of mesothelioma have been directly traced to prolonged exposure to asbestos. Asbestos was a frequently used material in construction, railroad, factory, shipyard and automobile industries. Mesothelioma statistics were able to highlight the link between asbestos and cancer nearly sixty years ago. However, unscrupulous industries have chosen to continue using asbestos for profit motives. Mesothelioma statistics also portray mesothelioma to be a silent killer. This is because the disease lies dormant in the body for periods between ten to fifty years. It is usually diagnosed in patients when they are between fifty and seventy years of age. Normally the diagnosis of mesothelioma is only after the case has reached the last stage and there is very little hope for the survival of the patient. Read more Related Posts Dean Ornish Shows How to Reverse Prostate Cancer with Nutrigenomics Posted By Mark Hyman Is There a Cure for Cancer Posted By Michael Skinner Click here to get legal advice from local attorneys specializing in the area of law you need. Home Mesothelioma Prognosis The Science of Saving Lives Posted by Timothy Allageri A whopping 2,000 to 3,000 new cases of mesothelioma is on the rise in United States of America. Mesothelioma is a rare form of cancer and it is an aftereffect of the asbestos exposure. The cancerous cells tend to destroy the mesothelium, which is a protective sac that holds the internal organs of the body. Initially, pleura or peritoneum are affected and then it spreads to the other parts of the body. It is a fatal disease and the survival time of the victim is almost one year from the time of diagnosis depending on the treatment and other contributing factors. What is mesothelioma prognosis Prognosis for mesothelioma is solely dependent on the merit of diagnosis and the treatment. If treatment is provided with much delay then the survival chance of the victim grows slimmer. Then again, survivability depends heavily on factors like treatment, type of mesothelioma as well as patients health and morale. The stage of the disease during diagnosis is the most crucial factor that decides the prognosis and the minimum survival expectancy of the victim. But disappointingly, mesothelioma unlike other cancers is somewhat difficult to stage. This is because the symptoms of mesothelioma are non-specific due to which the cells are already matured at the time of diagnosis. Read more Related Posts Dean Ornish Shows How to Reverse Prostate Cancer with Nutrigenomics Posted By Mark Hyman Is There a Cure for Cancer Posted By Michael Skinner Click here to get legal advice from local attorneys specializing in the area of law you need. Home Mesothelioma and Jury Verdicts Posted by Timothy Allageri Mesothelioma is serious cancer and asbestos is main cause. During in 1940 and 1950s constructions community used asbestos as the best thing to happen after cement for construction industry. Asbestos was applied greatly in insulator and ceiling tiles in homes, schools and factories because to high degree of stability and resistance to very high temperatures. Nonetheless, asbestos is capable of causing harm, contaminant. It has trend to break into small parts and remain stay in the air for longer durations. For individual who is that comes in contact it, becomes attackable to serious disease to lung cancer or mesothelioma lung cancers. What types of Mesothelioma Name of Mesothelioma, asbestos related cancer, acquires its name from the mesothelium cells that are responsible for protecting and enabling easy movement of our vital organs such as lungs, heart and the abdomen in the body. Mesothelioma is generally of three types, pleural mesothelioma, peritoneal mesothelioma and pericardial mesothelioma. Read more Related Posts Dean Ornish Shows How to Reverse Prostate Cancer with Nutrigenomics Posted By Mark Hyman Is There a Cure for Cancer Posted By Michael Skinner Click here to get legal advice from local attorneys specializing in the area of law you need. Home Older Posts Need Something Else Click below.... Best Fatburn Answers | Best Personal Injury Attorney | Christianity Teachings | Free eBooks Library | Free Marriage Help | Instant Abundance | Mental Success | Pick Up Women Guide | Power and Politics in America | Relationships Tips | Workplace Behavior | Best Paying Survey Sites | Asthma Cure Guide | Beginner Blues Guitar | Brighter Teeth | Best Dating Tips | Magnet4power | Micro Home Brewery | Choose Baby Gender | Cure Asthma Guide | Currency Trader Scam | Magnet4power Reviews | Tattoo Fever Reviews | People Search4free Reviews | Clickbank Explained | AnswersPlus.Info Reviews | Blues Guitar for Beginners | 6 Pack Abs Reviews | Cheap Airline Tickets Scam | Bad Breath Explained | How To Blog for Money | How To Fix Credit Explained | Dog Foods That Kill | Dominate Clickbank Reviews | DUI DWI Explained | Reduce Electric Bills Scam | Top Acne Solutions Exposed | Best Paying Online Surveys | Pick Up Hot Girls Today | 7 Minute Fat Loss Workout | Getting Started With Facebook | Facebook Advertising Explained | Free Health and Fitness Guide | Internet Products Closeout | Yahoo Answers Secrets Exposed | Repair Credit Fast and Easy | Getting Started with Squidoo | Craigslist Money Secrets | Free Website Traffic Exposed | Hub Pages Videos | Website Indexing Videos | Show Biz Memory Tricks | Metabolism Secrets to Weightloss | Self Esteem Secrets | Video Creation for Newbies | YouTube Marketing Exposed Categories About Mesothelioma Asbestos Cancer Mesothelioma Epithelioid Mesothelioma Malignant Mesothelioma Malignant Pleural Mesothelioma Mesothelioma Mesothelioma Article Mesothelioma Asbestos Mesothelioma Attorney Mesothelioma Attorneys Mesothelioma Cancer Mesothelioma Case Mesothelioma Cause Mesothelioma Chemotherapy Mesothelioma Claims Mesothelioma Diagnosis Mesothelioma Facts Mesothelioma Lawsuits Mesothelioma Lawyers Mesothelioma Litigation Mesothelioma Lung Cancer Mesothelioma Research Mesothelioma Resources Mesothelioma Settlement Mesothelioma Survival Mesothelioma Symptoms Mesothelioma Treatment Options Pericardial Mesothelioma Peritoneal Mesothelioma Top Q&A Uncategorized What Is Mesothelioma Privacy-FTC Notice-Disclaimer | Free Stuff | Subscribe to RSS Mesothelioma Expert Answers | Blog & Free Forum | Get Questions Answered . All Rights Reserved 2012 524 queries in 0.393 seconds')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01239', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> What Exactly Is Cancer And How Can RX Drugs Help Posted by What is Cancer Cancer is the term used to describe uncontrolled cell growth. Cancer can strike almost anywhere in the human body because every part and every organ is made from millions of cells. The division and development of cells is an extremely delicate procedure and any interruption in the process can cause an abnormal level of cell growth. If the growth becomes very large it is called a tumour. Benign and malignant are the two types of cancerous tumours. The benign type is safe and does not cause harm to the patient or spread, and they can easily be removed. Malignant tumours are often serious and can spread to other organs and body parts, and if left untreated are generally fatal. The malignant type is what the term cancer generally refers to. What Are The Causes Of Cancer Read more Related Posts Breakthroughs Demonstrate Importance Of Targeted Therapies For Lung Cancer Biopsy In A Blood Test Effective New Diagnostic For Cancer Battling Lung Cancer With Combination Drug Therapy Click here to get legal advice from local attorneys specializing in the area of law you need. Home Prevent Cancer By Good Food Posted by It is regarded that cancer is mainly a dreaded disease. The term deems for getting scary just as if contemplating I m doomed, or I m going to die soon, if not tomorrow. These will be the lines we often listen to from cancer patients. What is cancer It is mainly a sickness within of the whole body tissues as well as the microscopic products that type and fix tissues and organs that provide necessary protein and energy-producing compounds the whole body should stay alive and healthy. For numerous reasons, some regarded with one another with other not specific tissues develop to be cancerous, that is they all of a sudden acquire abnormal progress pattern and reproduce uncontrollably. As tissues multiply, they type lump or major tumor. From this tumor cancer often holiday through lymphatic method or even the bloodstream to other components within of the body, and type tumor there, as well. This spreading and clumping of cancerous tissues is regarded as metastasis. Read more Related Posts Breakthroughs Demonstrate Importance Of Targeted Therapies For Lung Cancer Biopsy In A Blood Test Effective New Diagnostic For Cancer Battling Lung Cancer With Combination Drug Therapy Click here to get legal advice from local attorneys specializing in the area of law you need. Home Woman Thinks She May Have Contracted Malignant Mesothelioma Picking Berries Posted by Many people believe that to suffer from the deadly duo of asbestosis or mesothelioma you had to have had direct contact with asbestos products,for example you may have worked in an asbestos factory or used asbestos in construction or building work. However many people are diagnosed with this tragic condition who may have never seen or touched an asbestos product in their life. So how do they manage to contract these deadly and fatal diseases of the lungs. Here are some examples from newspapers all over the world. This first example is from the Hebden Bridge Times in the UK. Read more Related Posts Breakthroughs Demonstrate Importance Of Targeted Therapies For Lung Cancer Biopsy In A Blood Test Effective New Diagnostic For Cancer Battling Lung Cancer With Combination Drug Therapy Click here to get legal advice from local attorneys specializing in the area of law you need. Home Dean Ornish Shows How to Reverse Prostate Cancer with Nutrigenomics Posted By Mark Hyman Posted by By Mark Hyman [ Posted On 2008-02-20 ] Post a Comment You can reverse prostate cancer and many of the diseases associated with aging by changing your diet. Read more Related Posts Dean Ornish Shows How to Reverse Prostate Cancer with Nutrigenomics Posted By Mark Hyman Is There a Cure for Cancer Posted By Michael Skinner Pericardial Mesothelioma Quick Facts Click here to get legal advice from local attorneys specializing in the area of law you need. Home Frank Cousineau Cancer Breakthrough Usa Review Posted by Looks about All-natural Cancer Cures are typically filled with really particular details concerning the great cancer cures which are offered right now, several that it is possible to administer at home. The problem is, lots of men and women would feel far better about becoming handled with each all-natural cancer remedies and also typical cancer treatments, plus they would prefer to be handled by a doctor at a clinic or facility. If which is you and you re within the USA, then you will completely love the information that Cancer Breakthrough USA provides about sixteen different American clinics that use normal cancer remedies and in several cases also conventional cancer treatment options. Discount Click Here Cancer Breakthrough USA was written by Frank Cousineau and Andrew Scholberg, and it gives you plenty of interesting qualifications information about extremely successful American medical doctors and clinics that deal with individuals with organic cancer treatments. Eight various physicians and clinics are mentioned in fantastic detail, such as testimonials from sufferers, and another 8 doctors are also recommended as superb choices. Addresses and contact data are offered for all sixteen clinics. Read more Related Posts Breakthroughs Demonstrate Importance Of Targeted Therapies For Lung Cancer Biopsy In A Blood Test Effective New Diagnostic For Cancer Battling Lung Cancer With Combination Drug Therapy Click here to get legal advice from local attorneys specializing in the area of law you need. Home Older Posts Need Something Else Click below.... Best Fatburn Answers | Best Personal Injury Attorney | Christianity Teachings | Free eBooks Library | Free Marriage Help | Instant Abundance | Mental Success | Pick Up Women Guide | Power and Politics in America | Relationships Tips | Workplace Behavior | Best Paying Survey Sites | Asthma Cure Guide | Beginner Blues Guitar | Brighter Teeth | Best Dating Tips | Magnet4power | Micro Home Brewery | Choose Baby Gender | Cure Asthma Guide | Currency Trader Scam | Magnet4power Reviews | Tattoo Fever Reviews | People Search4free Reviews | Clickbank Explained | AnswersPlus.Info Reviews | Blues Guitar for Beginners | 6 Pack Abs Reviews | Cheap Airline Tickets Scam | Bad Breath Explained | How To Blog for Money | How To Fix Credit Explained | Dog Foods That Kill | Dominate Clickbank Reviews | DUI DWI Explained | Reduce Electric Bills Scam | Top Acne Solutions Exposed | Best Paying Online Surveys | Pick Up Hot Girls Today | 7 Minute Fat Loss Workout | Getting Started With Facebook | Facebook Advertising Explained | Free Health and Fitness Guide | Internet Products Closeout | Yahoo Answers Secrets Exposed | Repair Credit Fast and Easy | Getting Started with Squidoo | Craigslist Money Secrets | Free Website Traffic Exposed | Hub Pages Videos | Website Indexing Videos | Show Biz Memory Tricks | Metabolism Secrets to Weightloss | Self Esteem Secrets | Video Creation for Newbies | YouTube Marketing Exposed Categories About Mesothelioma Asbestos Cancer Mesothelioma Epithelioid Mesothelioma Malignant Mesothelioma Malignant Pleural Mesothelioma Mesothelioma Mesothelioma Article Mesothelioma Asbestos Mesothelioma Attorney Mesothelioma Attorneys Mesothelioma Cancer Mesothelioma Case Mesothelioma Cause Mesothelioma Chemotherapy Mesothelioma Claims Mesothelioma Diagnosis Mesothelioma Facts Mesothelioma Lawsuits Mesothelioma Lawyers Mesothelioma Litigation Mesothelioma Lung Cancer Mesothelioma Research Mesothelioma Resources Mesothelioma Settlement Mesothelioma Survival Mesothelioma Symptoms Mesothelioma Treatment Options Pericardial Mesothelioma Peritoneal Mesothelioma Top Q&A Uncategorized What Is Mesothelioma Privacy-FTC Notice-Disclaimer | Free Stuff | Subscribe to RSS Mesothelioma Expert Answers | Blog & Free Forum | Get Questions Answered . All Rights Reserved 2012 528 queries in 0.379 seconds')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01240', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Cancer Treatments Options Asbestos Resources. Posted by Whenever one hears about Cancer Treatments they immediately think of the words chemotherapy and radiation . It is unknown to most how a cancer patient s treatment is specifically determined. Patients do not know when will one receive chemotherapy or radiation treatments or maybe both and when one will undergo surgery or maybe none of the above as they will be introduced to additional treatment options. Firstly, it should be known that each cancer patient receives a personal tailored treatment plan, according to his or her cancerous tumor. When an oncologist approaches a patient in order to start planning his treatment regime we will look in to a few different factors including the location of the cancer, the stage of the cancer, has it spread to other organs, the size of the growth and the specific type of the disease. In some cases the oncologist may also take into consideration the age and general health of the patient and in women, the doctor can take into consideration future procreation preferences. Once all this is known, the oncologist will design a treatment plan designated for the patient. Read more Related Posts Breakthroughs Demonstrate Importance Of Targeted Therapies For Lung Cancer Biopsy In A Blood Test Effective New Diagnostic For Cancer Battling Lung Cancer With Combination Drug Therapy Click here to get legal advice from local attorneys specializing in the area of law you need. Home The very frightening diagnosis of cancer - Mesothelioma Symptoms. Posted by A diagnosis of cancer can be very frightening, and the best way is conquer fear is through greater knowledge of the topic. To find reputable health related resources online including cancer information like early detection, prevention, treatment, new research advances and more visit the American Cancer Society at www.cancer.org, dedicated to eliminating cancer as a major health problem by preventing cancer, saving lives, and diminishing suffering. This site is educational and easy to navigate; there is plenty of comprehensive information on specific cancer topics discussing common types of cancer including bladder cancer, breast cancer, colon and rectal cancer, endometrial cancer, kidney cancer, leukemia, lung cancer, melanoma, Non-Hodgkin s lymphoma, pancreatic cancer, prostate cancer, skin cancer non-melanoma , and thyroid cancer, in addition to causes, treatments, coping, drug information, and clinical trials. The National Cancer Institute of the United States National Institutes of Health located online at www.cancer.gov features accurate, up-to-date, comprehensive cancer information from the United State government s principal agency for cancer research. Find common types of cancer listed by types in A-Z format, by body location and system, childhood cancers, women s cancers, clinical trial results, educational materials, and other cancer topics including treatment, prevention, genetics, causes, screening and testing, coping with cancer, smoking and cancer, cancer health disparities, fact sheets, and more. This site discusses types of cancer treatment, and cancer drugs including specific drugs approved to treat cancer or conditions related to cancer, and updates on new drug development and approval. Complementary and alternative medicine, like healing philosophies, approaches, and therapies are popular options, and can be used in addition to or instead of conventional cancer treatment as well. Learn about cancer treatment trials that are of potential benefit to you or a loved one and use this information to help decide whether or not to participate. Also find good suggestions for choosing a physician and cancer treatment facility, national Cancer Institute supported cancer centers, after care treatment like follow-up medical care, physical and emotional changes, changes in social relationships, and workplace issues. You can also access breast cancer information, lung cancer information, and more general information on cancer online at www.cancer-info.com, an extensive cancer website offering unbiased support and information regarding all types of cancer and chemotherapy options, cancer research advances, continuing medical education and more. Take this new found knowledge and use it to beat cancer; get a new perspective and a new outlook on life. Read more Related Posts Breakthroughs Demonstrate Importance Of Targeted Therapies For Lung Cancer Biopsy In A Blood Test Effective New Diagnostic For Cancer Battling Lung Cancer With Combination Drug Therapy Click here to get legal advice from local attorneys specializing in the area of law you need. Home The very frightening diagnosis of cancer - Asbestos Abatement. Posted by A diagnosis of cancer can be very frightening, and the best way is conquer fear is through greater knowledge of the topic. To find reputable health related resources online including cancer information like early detection, prevention, treatment, new research advances and more visit the American Cancer Society at www.cancer.org, dedicated to eliminating cancer as a major health problem by preventing cancer, saving lives, and diminishing suffering. This site is educational and easy to navigate; there is plenty of comprehensive information on specific cancer topics discussing common types of cancer including bladder cancer, breast cancer, colon and rectal cancer, endometrial cancer, kidney cancer, leukemia, lung cancer, melanoma, Non-Hodgkin s lymphoma, pancreatic cancer, prostate cancer, skin cancer non-melanoma , and thyroid cancer, in addition to causes, treatments, coping, drug information, and clinical trials. The National Cancer Institute of the United States National Institutes of Health located online at www.cancer.gov features accurate, up-to-date, comprehensive cancer information from the United State government s principal agency for cancer research. Find common types of cancer listed by types in A-Z format, by body location and system, childhood cancers, women s cancers, clinical trial results, educational materials, and other cancer topics including treatment, prevention, genetics, causes, screening and testing, coping with cancer, smoking and cancer, cancer health disparities, fact sheets, and more. This site discusses types of cancer treatment, and cancer drugs including specific drugs approved to treat cancer or conditions related to cancer, and updates on new drug development and approval. Complementary and alternative medicine, like healing philosophies, approaches, and therapies are popular options, and can be used in addition to or instead of conventional cancer treatment as well. Learn about cancer treatment trials that are of potential benefit to you or a loved one and use this information to help decide whether or not to participate. Also find good suggestions for choosing a physician and cancer treatment facility, national Cancer Institute supported cancer centers, after care treatment like follow-up medical care, physical and emotional changes, changes in social relationships, and workplace issues. You can also access breast cancer information, lung cancer information, and more general information on cancer online at www.cancer-info.com, an extensive cancer website offering unbiased support and information regarding all types of cancer and chemotherapy options, cancer research advances, continuing medical education and more. Take this new found knowledge and use it to beat cancer; get a new perspective and a new outlook on life. Read more Related Posts Breakthroughs Demonstrate Importance Of Targeted Therapies For Lung Cancer Biopsy In A Blood Test Effective New Diagnostic For Cancer Battling Lung Cancer With Combination Drug Therapy Click here to get legal advice from local attorneys specializing in the area of law you need. Home Mesothelioma Cancer The Deadly Disease Mesothelioma Answers. Posted by As the old proverb goes, health is equivalent to wealth. In the modern world, often individuals are not able to take out time from their busy schedules and take care of their health. Nowadays, people have started to ignore their health and take it for granted. Thus, they end up paying very heavy price in future. It is necessary to take proper measures when people know that they are prone to so many deadly diseases. One of such diseases is Mesothelioma. It affects membrane and is a type of cancer. Mesothelium affects all main body parts. If you inhale asbestos fibers, then the chances of you contracting the disease increases. It will be difficult to detect the disease in the initial stage by just looking at a person s health. It actually takes around 25 to 30 years for a person to know that he or she is suffering from this deadly disease. The initial symptoms of Mesothelioma cancer are mostly similar to normal conditions of health. Diagnosing mesothelioma cancer is one of the difficult tasks even for professional doctors. The main symptoms are swelling and pain in abdomen, weight loss, loss in appetite, nausea and overall weakness in the body. Worst part is that fluid fills the cavity in the abdominal walls and thus, the chances of tumor growing inside the abdomen increases, which is a bad sign. Read more Related Posts Breakthroughs Demonstrate Importance Of Targeted Therapies For Lung Cancer Biopsy In A Blood Test Effective New Diagnostic For Cancer Battling Lung Cancer With Combination Drug Therapy Click here to get legal advice from local attorneys specializing in the area of law you need. Home Prostrate Cancer - Stages of Mesothelioma. Posted by Studies reveal that every year, more than 100.000 men are diagnosed with prostate cancer. The disease results because of the abnormal and uncontrollable division of cells in the prostate gland. The severity of the cancer depends on the rate of the growth of these cells. Prostate cancer is common among men more than 45 years of age. Chances of being afflicted by this condition greatly arise if there is a family history of the prostate cancer. So if an immediate predecessor, father or brother, was diagnosed with prostate cancer, the chances of developing this condition increase significantly as a result of the mutation in the gene BRCA2 faulty BRCA2 gene . Common symptoms include enlargement of the prostate gland, which in turn, constricts the urethra and affects the passage of urine from the body. The colour of the urine changes from normal to darker yellow and reddish yellow. There may also be blood in urine and semen. The patient may also feel pain in the back, pelvis, thighs, hips and ribs. Read more Related Posts Breakthroughs Demonstrate Importance Of Targeted Therapies For Lung Cancer Biopsy In A Blood Test Effective New Diagnostic For Cancer Battling Lung Cancer With Combination Drug Therapy Click here to get legal advice from local attorneys specializing in the area of law you need. Home Older Posts Need Something Else Click below.... Best Fatburn Answers | Best Personal Injury Attorney | Christianity Teachings | Free eBooks Library | Free Marriage Help | Instant Abundance | Mental Success | Pick Up Women Guide | Power and Politics in America | Relationships Tips | Workplace Behavior | Best Paying Survey Sites | Asthma Cure Guide | Beginner Blues Guitar | Brighter Teeth | Best Dating Tips | Magnet4power | Micro Home Brewery | Choose Baby Gender | Cure Asthma Guide | Currency Trader Scam | Magnet4power Reviews | Tattoo Fever Reviews | People Search4free Reviews | Clickbank Explained | AnswersPlus.Info Reviews | Blues Guitar for Beginners | 6 Pack Abs Reviews | Cheap Airline Tickets Scam | Bad Breath Explained | How To Blog for Money | How To Fix Credit Explained | Dog Foods That Kill | Dominate Clickbank Reviews | DUI DWI Explained | Reduce Electric Bills Scam | Top Acne Solutions Exposed | Best Paying Online Surveys | Pick Up Hot Girls Today | 7 Minute Fat Loss Workout | Getting Started With Facebook | Facebook Advertising Explained | Free Health and Fitness Guide | Internet Products Closeout | Yahoo Answers Secrets Exposed | Repair Credit Fast and Easy | Getting Started with Squidoo | Craigslist Money Secrets | Free Website Traffic Exposed | Hub Pages Videos | Website Indexing Videos | Show Biz Memory Tricks | Metabolism Secrets to Weightloss | Self Esteem Secrets | Video Creation for Newbies | YouTube Marketing Exposed Categories About Mesothelioma Asbestos Cancer Mesothelioma Epithelioid Mesothelioma Malignant Mesothelioma Malignant Pleural Mesothelioma Mesothelioma Mesothelioma Article Mesothelioma Asbestos Mesothelioma Attorney Mesothelioma Attorneys Mesothelioma Cancer Mesothelioma Case Mesothelioma Cause Mesothelioma Chemotherapy Mesothelioma Claims Mesothelioma Diagnosis Mesothelioma Facts Mesothelioma Lawsuits Mesothelioma Lawyers Mesothelioma Litigation Mesothelioma Lung Cancer Mesothelioma Research Mesothelioma Resources Mesothelioma Settlement Mesothelioma Survival Mesothelioma Symptoms Mesothelioma Treatment Options Pericardial Mesothelioma Peritoneal Mesothelioma Top Q&A Uncategorized What Is Mesothelioma Privacy-FTC Notice-Disclaimer | Free Stuff | Subscribe to RSS Mesothelioma Expert Answers | Blog & Free Forum | Get Questions Answered . All Rights Reserved 2012 526 queries in 0.513 seconds')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01241', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Asbestos exposure and Mesothelioma suffers Asbestos Cancer Doctors. Posted by Learning that you have developed mesothelioma is not easy. This is a rare cancer and deadly disease that is caused by asbestos exposure. Though the disease is not curable there are several types of treatments and therapies that you can get to help you live a longer and comfortable life. If you or a loved one has developed this deadly disease, you must seek immediate treatment and get legal help and advice as soon as possible. Secondary Exposure To Asbestos Fibers Asbestos products and materials were common during the last century. Many workers in industries where asbestos exposure was prevalent came in contact with the deadly material regularly not knowing that their lives were at risk. Even those who were exposed to asbestos due to secondary exposure like fibers brought home on clothes and on the hair of workers have been discovered to place family members at severe risks of developing mesothelioma also. People who live near facilities that made asbestos containing products were also at risk for developing this deadly disease. Read more Related Posts Breakthroughs Demonstrate Importance Of Targeted Therapies For Lung Cancer Biopsy In A Blood Test Effective New Diagnostic For Cancer Battling Lung Cancer With Combination Drug Therapy Click here to get legal advice from local attorneys specializing in the area of law you need. Home Asbestos exposure and Mesothelioma suffers | Asbestos Resources. Posted by Learning that you have developed mesothelioma is not easy. This is a rare cancer and deadly disease that is caused by asbestos exposure. Though the disease is not curable there are several types of treatments and therapies that you can get to help you live a longer and comfortable life. If you or a loved one has developed this deadly disease, you must seek immediate treatment and get legal help and advice as soon as possible. Secondary Exposure To Asbestos Fibers Asbestos products and materials were common during the last century. Many workers in industries where asbestos exposure was prevalent came in contact with the deadly material regularly not knowing that their lives were at risk. Even those who were exposed to asbestos due to secondary exposure like fibers brought home on clothes and on the hair of workers have been discovered to place family members at severe risks of developing mesothelioma also. People who live near facilities that made asbestos containing products were also at risk for developing this deadly disease. Read more Related Posts Breakthroughs Demonstrate Importance Of Targeted Therapies For Lung Cancer Biopsy In A Blood Test Effective New Diagnostic For Cancer Battling Lung Cancer With Combination Drug Therapy Click here to get legal advice from local attorneys specializing in the area of law you need. Home CT Heart Scan Early Detection of Heart Disease Asbestos Lawsuits. Posted by The key to treating most life threatening illnesses is early detection. Men who reach the age of 35 and women who reach age 40 should speak to their primary physician about the early detection tests that they should take. Reaching these ages puts men and women at higher risks for heart disease and different cancers. There are several other factors that may put individuals at higher risks, these factors include High cholesterol Diabetes Read more Related Posts Breakthroughs Demonstrate Importance Of Targeted Therapies For Lung Cancer Biopsy In A Blood Test Effective New Diagnostic For Cancer Battling Lung Cancer With Combination Drug Therapy Click here to get legal advice from local attorneys specializing in the area of law you need. Home Chronic Pain Management The Doctor-Patient Relationship | Asbestos Cancer Doctors. Posted by According to Dr. Mehmet Oz, we are in a pain renaissance. His piece as the cover story in Time Magazine deals not only with chronic pain, but with the way that chronic pain is perceived by physicians around the globe. As The Pain Center took on the critical relationship between a patient and pain physician with the latest Pain Channel episode, Time Magazine and Dr. Oz were working up an entire Health Special on Chronic Pain. What Dr. Oz calls a pain renaissance, we at The Pain Center have been experiencing for years. Chronic pain is not just about your bad back or arthritic knee. People with chronic pain are twice as likely to suffer from depression and anxiety as those without .If pain affects body, mind and spirit, then treatment must address these three pillars of the human condition. Read more Related Posts Breakthroughs Demonstrate Importance Of Targeted Therapies For Lung Cancer Biopsy In A Blood Test Effective New Diagnostic For Cancer Battling Lung Cancer With Combination Drug Therapy Click here to get legal advice from local attorneys specializing in the area of law you need. Home Ongoing research in colorectal disease - Asbestos Abatement. Posted by Dr. Eric Haas, Houston colon surgeon, is committed to furthering research in colorectal disease. There are currently six studies that Dr. Eric Haas is involved in. Comparison of outcomes between robotic-assisted laparoscopic surgery and conventional laparoscopic surgery for colorectal disease Several studies have shown that new surgical techniques have the potential of improving outcomes following colorectal surgery. Robotic-assisted laparoscopic surgery has emerged as a viable option for colorectal procedures, offering various visual and operative advantages. The purpose of the this study is to compare short-term and pathology outcomes in patients that undergo colorectal surgery, either with robotic-assisted laparoscopic surgery or conventional laparoscopic surgery. This study involves gathering anonymous data from patient records in order to compare and evaluate the efficacy of this new surgical approach with an established surgical technique. Comparison of outcomes between single-site laparoscopic surgery and conventional laparoscopic surgery for colectomy Single-site or single-incision laparoscopic surgery offers many potential advantages for the surgical treatment of colorectal diseases. This minimally invasive laparoscopic technique is performed entirely through the umbilicus and results in minimal scar with diminished pain. This trial will compare the clinical outcomes of single-site laparoscopic surgery with those obtained through conventional laparoscopic surgery of the colon and rectum. Assessment of quality of life QOL following minimally invasive colorectal surgery Minimally invasive surgery has emerged as a viable option for the treatment of benign and malignant colorectal disease. Comparisons of intra-operative results and post-operative outcomes have been well documented in the literature. While comparisons between laparoscopic and open surgery are well reported, there are few, if any, reports of comparisons between the different types of minimally invasive surgery e.g., conventional, hand-assisted, single-incision, or robotic-assisted laparoscopic surgery . Short- and long-term outcomes with regard to quality of life are seldom reported following any surgical procedure. The purpose of this study is to assess QOL outcomes, through completed questionnaires, in patients undergoing minimally invasive surgery for colorectal disease. Read more Related Posts Breakthroughs Demonstrate Importance Of Targeted Therapies For Lung Cancer Biopsy In A Blood Test Effective New Diagnostic For Cancer Battling Lung Cancer With Combination Drug Therapy Click here to get legal advice from local attorneys specializing in the area of law you need. Home Older Posts Need Something Else Click below.... Best Fatburn Answers | Best Personal Injury Attorney | Christianity Teachings | Free eBooks Library | Free Marriage Help | Instant Abundance | Mental Success | Pick Up Women Guide | Power and Politics in America | Relationships Tips | Workplace Behavior | Best Paying Survey Sites | Asthma Cure Guide | Beginner Blues Guitar | Brighter Teeth | Best Dating Tips | Magnet4power | Micro Home Brewery | Choose Baby Gender | Cure Asthma Guide | Currency Trader Scam | Magnet4power Reviews | Tattoo Fever Reviews | People Search4free Reviews | Clickbank Explained | AnswersPlus.Info Reviews | Blues Guitar for Beginners | 6 Pack Abs Reviews | Cheap Airline Tickets Scam | Bad Breath Explained | How To Blog for Money | How To Fix Credit Explained | Dog Foods That Kill | Dominate Clickbank Reviews | DUI DWI Explained | Reduce Electric Bills Scam | Top Acne Solutions Exposed | Best Paying Online Surveys | Pick Up Hot Girls Today | 7 Minute Fat Loss Workout | Getting Started With Facebook | Facebook Advertising Explained | Free Health and Fitness Guide | Internet Products Closeout | Yahoo Answers Secrets Exposed | Repair Credit Fast and Easy | Getting Started with Squidoo | Craigslist Money Secrets | Free Website Traffic Exposed | Hub Pages Videos | Website Indexing Videos | Show Biz Memory Tricks | Metabolism Secrets to Weightloss | Self Esteem Secrets | Video Creation for Newbies | YouTube Marketing Exposed Categories About Mesothelioma Asbestos Cancer Mesothelioma Epithelioid Mesothelioma Malignant Mesothelioma Malignant Pleural Mesothelioma Mesothelioma Mesothelioma Article Mesothelioma Asbestos Mesothelioma Attorney Mesothelioma Attorneys Mesothelioma Cancer Mesothelioma Case Mesothelioma Cause Mesothelioma Chemotherapy Mesothelioma Claims Mesothelioma Diagnosis Mesothelioma Facts Mesothelioma Lawsuits Mesothelioma Lawyers Mesothelioma Litigation Mesothelioma Lung Cancer Mesothelioma Research Mesothelioma Resources Mesothelioma Settlement Mesothelioma Survival Mesothelioma Symptoms Mesothelioma Treatment Options Pericardial Mesothelioma Peritoneal Mesothelioma Top Q&A Uncategorized What Is Mesothelioma Privacy-FTC Notice-Disclaimer | Free Stuff | Subscribe to RSS Mesothelioma Expert Answers | Blog & Free Forum | Get Questions Answered . All Rights Reserved 2012 526 queries in 0.381 seconds')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01242', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> An Insight To Asbestos Lawsuits Posted by Timothy Allageri The phenomena of mesothelioma cancer is a global challenge. After decades of research and scientific analysis it has been proven without any doubt that exposure to asbestos causes this deadly disease. Cases of people working in dangerous environment that has high presence of asbestos is life threatening. Exhaling asbestos fiber for long periods can cause various forms of lung cancer. Asbestos is an important silicate mineral and till the 70s it was used for fireproofing of roofs and floors. They are also heavily used on off shore oil production platforms and rigs. However, exposure to this item for long periods of time is very risky and can result in death as well. Asbestos and Law A Look into the Litigation Read more Related Posts Breakthroughs Demonstrate Importance Of Targeted Therapies For Lung Cancer Biopsy In A Blood Test Effective New Diagnostic For Cancer Battling Lung Cancer With Combination Drug Therapy Click here to get legal advice from local attorneys specializing in the area of law you need. Home Is your daily diet slowly killing you Posted by Timothy Allageri Is what you are eating everyday affecting your health Is your daily diet extending your life or shortening your life The answer is either yes or no. I feel the urge to share some important information with you that can help you live a healthier and longer life. As a consummate reader, I am constantly reading books on self-help and health. I am currently reading a great book on the current state of our health and what is causing our health problems and numerous deaths due to different types of cancer ex. breast cancer and liver cancer . This book clarifies the confusion around our daily diet and the danger of our consumption of high levels of protein and fat from animal based products. The more I read this book, the more I realize that we are causing our own illness. The level of all types of cancers and diseases are higher in the industrial world, especially in the western world. The level of all types of cancers are approximately three times 3 higher in the industrialized nations where high level of animal based products are consumed as to that of Asian and non-industrialized nations where their diet is mainly plant based. I think vegetarians are way ahead of the curve in practicing good diet and maybe, we should take a page from their book. Our health totally depends on the type diet that we follow and the amount of our daily physical activity. We need to be conscientious of the amount and the quality of food that we take in, especially if the source is animal based. We need to decrease the amount of animal based protein and fat that we consume and get more of our protein and fat from plant based products. Don t take my word for it and read the book The China Study and you will see what I am talking about. This book was referred to me by Shawn Brodof, the author of The Termite Effect , a business coach from Charlotte, NC for your information here is a video and a book link http //www.youtube.com/watch v YpwEcS7jTQw where you can get his book http //www.amazon.com/s/ref nb_sb_noss url search-alias stripbooks&field-keywords the+termite+effect . In this book, The China Study , you will discover the dangers and the lack of success in any of the fad diets. They don t work for the long hall and they even cause health problems that you are not aware of. For example, the Atkins diet doesn t really work and you could not sustain this diet forever. To top it off, it is dangerous to consume all of that protein and fat from animal based products. Atkins himself was an obese man with hearth disease and high blood pressure and who died promoting his unhealthy diet that finally took him to the grave. Again, you don t have to listen to me, just read the book and it will open your eyes. Here is the link where you can get the book http //www.amazon.com/s/ref nb_sb_noss url search-alias stripbooks&field-keywords the+termite+effect#/ref nb_sb_ss_i_0_15 url search-alias stripbooks&field-keywords the+china+study&sprefix the+china+study&rh n 283155,k the+china+study . This book is great and you will thank yourself for reading it and your family will thank you. Also, you need to look at your vitamin supplements to see if they are plant based or animal based. I will share with you the vitamin supplements that I take because they are plant based. I am not selling the products, I just use them. Good luck and happy reading! Leonel DaRosa Vitamin supplements website www.mannalifeinternational.com/leoneldarosa Personal website www.gasolineandgroceriesforfree.weebly.com Read more Related Posts Breakthroughs Demonstrate Importance Of Targeted Therapies For Lung Cancer Biopsy In A Blood Test Effective New Diagnostic For Cancer Battling Lung Cancer With Combination Drug Therapy Click here to get legal advice from local attorneys specializing in the area of law you need. Home The Symptoms of Lymphoma in Women Posted by Timothy Allageri Symptoms of lymphoma in women are generally the same as for men. Lymphoma often develops quietly and with few symptoms so it may take a while before you may realize that there is something very much the matter. Following is a list of the typical symptoms of lymphoma in women and symptoms of lymphoma in men alike. One thing to keep in mind is that these lymphoma symptoms can be symptoms of any of a large number of conditions that are generally harmless. For this reason, it s wise to consult with your doctor if you experience any of them. Read more Related Posts Breakthroughs Demonstrate Importance Of Targeted Therapies For Lung Cancer Biopsy In A Blood Test Effective New Diagnostic For Cancer Battling Lung Cancer With Combination Drug Therapy Click here to get legal advice from local attorneys specializing in the area of law you need. Home High Intensity Focused Ultrasound Therapy for Patients with Recurrent Prostate Cancer Posted by Timothy Allageri Men who have tried External Beam Radiation Therapy EBRT or Interstitial Brachytherapy for clinically localized prostate cancer possess a 20-30% greater probability of having prostate-specific antigen PSA failure. Salvage therapy is indicated when men are treated with radiotherapy, brachytherapy, or a combination of these for presumed localized prostate cancer and have a recurrence. The success rates after salvage procedures are considerably less than those that have been reported after more fundamental treatments. The results of the use of HIFU as a salvage therapy for patients with recurrent prostate cancer have been good, with negative biopsy rates as elevated as 80% and 61% achieving a PSA nadir of 0.5 g/L n 71 ; 44% were reported as freed from biochemical relapse at the follow up exam, at an average follow-up of 14.8 6-86 months. To analyze the usage of high-intensity focused ultrasound HIFU as a salvage therapy in patients with a recurrence of localized prostate cancer after external beam radiation EBRT , brachytherapy, or proton therapy, the charts of all patients who had undergone salvage HIFU for biopsy-proven prostate cancer after primary radiation therapy, were reviewed retrospectively. Patient characteristics and oncological effects were assessed Records of 22 patients with a median range follow-up of 24 5-80 months were reviewed. Patients were men with presumed organ-confined disease who were treated with salvage HIFU following recurrent disease after EBRT fourteen patients , brachytherapy five patients four with high-dose brachytherapy using In 192 ; and one with low-dose brachytherapy applying Au 98 or proton therapy three patients . The median range age at salvage HIFU was 65 52-80 years, with a median range prostate-specific antigen PSA level before radiation therapy of 14.3 5.7-118 ng/mL and an average range PSA level of 4.0 1.2-30.1 ng/mL before HIFU. The median range period to HIFU after radiation therapy was 36 4-96 months. The biochemical disease-free survival bDFS rate in all patients at 5 years was 52%. Rates of bDFS in low-, intermediate- and high-risk groups were 100%, 86%, and 14%, respectively. One among the twelve patients who received post-HIFU prostate biopsy showed malignancy. Side effects included urethral stricture in four patients, grade I urinary incontinence in four patients, rectourethral fistula and epididymitis in one of each patient. Read more Related Posts Breakthroughs Demonstrate Importance Of Targeted Therapies For Lung Cancer Biopsy In A Blood Test Effective New Diagnostic For Cancer Battling Lung Cancer With Combination Drug Therapy Click here to get legal advice from local attorneys specializing in the area of law you need. Home Facts Behind The Radiation Scare in Japan Posted by Timothy Allageri The devastating tsunami that ravaged the eastern region of Fukushima in Japan has raised a number of fears regarding the negative impacts of radiation exposure on environmental and human health. The Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant was badly damaged during the tsunami that hit the coast on March 11, 2011. The tsunami resulted from an 8.9 magnitude earthquake about 80 miles of the Japanese coast. The earthquake is estimated to have killed more than 15 thousand people, according to Reuters . Radiation is energy that travels in waves. Some radiation is used for beneficial purposes, such as cancer treatment and nuclear energy. Read more Related Posts Breakthroughs Demonstrate Importance Of Targeted Therapies For Lung Cancer Biopsy In A Blood Test Effective New Diagnostic For Cancer Battling Lung Cancer With Combination Drug Therapy Click here to get legal advice from local attorneys specializing in the area of law you need. Home Older Posts Need Something Else Click below.... Best Fatburn Answers | Best Personal Injury Attorney | Christianity Teachings | Free eBooks Library | Free Marriage Help | Instant Abundance | Mental Success | Pick Up Women Guide | Power and Politics in America | Relationships Tips | Workplace Behavior | Best Paying Survey Sites | Asthma Cure Guide | Beginner Blues Guitar | Brighter Teeth | Best Dating Tips | Magnet4power | Micro Home Brewery | Choose Baby Gender | Cure Asthma Guide | Currency Trader Scam | Magnet4power Reviews | Tattoo Fever Reviews | People Search4free Reviews | Clickbank Explained | AnswersPlus.Info Reviews | Blues Guitar for Beginners | 6 Pack Abs Reviews | Cheap Airline Tickets Scam | Bad Breath Explained | How To Blog for Money | How To Fix Credit Explained | Dog Foods That Kill | Dominate Clickbank Reviews | DUI DWI Explained | Reduce Electric Bills Scam | Top Acne Solutions Exposed | Best Paying Online Surveys | Pick Up Hot Girls Today | 7 Minute Fat Loss Workout | Getting Started With Facebook | Facebook Advertising Explained | Free Health and Fitness Guide | Internet Products Closeout | Yahoo Answers Secrets Exposed | Repair Credit Fast and Easy | Getting Started with Squidoo | Craigslist Money Secrets | Free Website Traffic Exposed | Hub Pages Videos | Website Indexing Videos | Show Biz Memory Tricks | Metabolism Secrets to Weightloss | Self Esteem Secrets | Video Creation for Newbies | YouTube Marketing Exposed Categories About Mesothelioma Asbestos Cancer Mesothelioma Epithelioid Mesothelioma Malignant Mesothelioma Malignant Pleural Mesothelioma Mesothelioma Mesothelioma Article Mesothelioma Asbestos Mesothelioma Attorney Mesothelioma Attorneys Mesothelioma Cancer Mesothelioma Case Mesothelioma Cause Mesothelioma Chemotherapy Mesothelioma Claims Mesothelioma Diagnosis Mesothelioma Facts Mesothelioma Lawsuits Mesothelioma Lawyers Mesothelioma Litigation Mesothelioma Lung Cancer Mesothelioma Research Mesothelioma Resources Mesothelioma Settlement Mesothelioma Survival Mesothelioma Symptoms Mesothelioma Treatment Options Pericardial Mesothelioma Peritoneal Mesothelioma Top Q&A Uncategorized What Is Mesothelioma Privacy-FTC Notice-Disclaimer | Free Stuff | Subscribe to RSS Mesothelioma Expert Answers | Blog & Free Forum | Get Questions Answered . All Rights Reserved 2012 526 queries in 0.415 seconds')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01243', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Breast Cancer The Cure Lies In The Diet! Posted by To deal with your breast cancer sensibly, you must learn some basic information. What is cancer What is the nature of the conventional cancer system What do doctors think about alternative cancer treatment What is a sound strategy for treating the cancer and what specific treatments work the best About 20 30% of women with breast cancer have a family history of the disease. Breast cancer is a bunch of cells in the breast that become abnormal for some reason and cause mutation. The mutated cells attack other normal cells and cause them to become mutated. Some cells end up getting destroyed. When enough cells are changed in this manner; cancer develops. Sometimes a small amount of mutated cells end up becoming cancerous. This is why cancer often starts small, in a certain section of the breast, and spreads from there. In stage 1, the tumor becomes cancerous and grows to an inch in diameter, but does not spread beyond the breast. In stage 2, The cancerous tumor spreads to the lymph. In stage 3, the cancerous tumor has grown more and has reached and penetrated the lymph nodes of the underarms. In some cases this type of cancer has been known to spread to the lymph nodes near the breastbone, or other tissue near the breast. In stage 4, this is metastatic cancer. The cancer spreads beyond the breast and lymph nodes to other parts of the body. Symptoms of advancing breast cancer may include Bone pain, Breast pain, Skin ulcers and swelling of one arm next to breast with cancer withweight loss. Recurrent cancer usually happens when the treatment radiation, chemotherapy and surgery provided earlier did not get rid of all the cancer. Some cancer remains hidden within cells and is not destroyed. Then the cancer just spreads quickly and shows up. Besides the conventional method, there are many treatment options available to help avoid or get rid of your cancer. The best method, according to medical specialists and nutritionists, is the food you eat. According to research studies, foods that have healing properties are the best to consume in order to get rid of this disease. You need to have an adequate supply of antioxidants such as fruits, vegetables, and other foods. The three most powerful antioxidants are beta-carotene, vitamin C, and vitamin E. Beta-carotene is what gives many fruits their appearance. It also stimulates the release of natural killer cells, which hunt down and destroy cancer cells. You can find beta-carotene in cantaloupes, sweet potatoes, spinach, and bok choy There are substances that are found in plant food known as phytonutrients. They have the ability to stop cancer. A good example of this type of plant food is Broccoli. In Lab tests, this chemical actually destroyed cancer tissue. You can find phytonutrients in many other types of foods such as soybeans, tofu, tempeh, and soy milk. Another food that has been known for centuries as a perfect healer for many illnesses is garlic. A daily serving of at least 4 ounces of seafood, for the average person, will prevent and get rid of many of these diseases, including many cancers. While undergoing Nature Cure you follow a simple diet and supplement regimen for 6-8 weeks That s all that patients have found is necessary to reverse their cancer. There are certain situations that neither you, nor your doctor can control. These situations include your genes and family history. But if you can learn to eat right and make certain lifestyle changes, you may just find your chances of getting cancer reduced or eliminated and placing yourself In the position where you will lower greatly the chance of you getting this disease. Most experts recommend women age 20 and older should undergo a routine check once a month during the week following their menstrual period and after 40 years of age, a thorough examination of the breasts must be conducted at least once every 2- 3 years since the key to eliminating cancer is by catching it early. Women who had breast cancer and took the right steps found their breast cancer disappear, never to return http //nature-cancer-cure.info http //fightingbreastcancertheonlyway.com Read more Related Posts Breakthroughs Demonstrate Importance Of Targeted Therapies For Lung Cancer Biopsy In A Blood Test Effective New Diagnostic For Cancer Battling Lung Cancer With Combination Drug Therapy Click here to get legal advice from local attorneys specializing in the area of law you need. Home Cancer-Free Torrent Download Free Posted by Cancer . It is possible to get it in the event you enable as well numerous free radicals into your physique. And it s that easy. The Food Issues Cancer Studying Program delivers a diet centered remedy for this viscous continual illness. In case you ate all of your lifestyle junk foods like chips, red meat, processed meet in quickly meals retailers, ice cream, candy, cakes, or another foods with a lot of sugar in them etc you might be most likely to obtain cancer. 7 Approaches to Steer clear of Free Radicals From Possessing A Celebration within your Physique Free radicals are essentially a chemical response that when coming into your physique it s going to initiate chaos within your cells. Cells are essential for our nicely becoming since they re in-charge from the healthful correct operate of our physique. Without having them working appropriately we get sick, and often actually sick like acquiring a persistent illness. So right here are 7 methods to make certain you might have sufficient anti-oxidants to counter act that Read more Related Posts Breakthroughs Demonstrate Importance Of Targeted Therapies For Lung Cancer Biopsy In A Blood Test Effective New Diagnostic For Cancer Battling Lung Cancer With Combination Drug Therapy Click here to get legal advice from local attorneys specializing in the area of law you need. Home Cancer-Free Scam or Any Legit Posted by You might want pointed out that cancer charges are acquiring larger continuously. This look like almost everyone becomes the idea in one particular point of the existence. As you, We ve misplaced household to the bad illness. It s once again time you commence to battle again. There s a large number associated with data which cancer will be a result of free radicals. Free radicals are generally these kind of fake compounds which are incredibly unsound. As they are volatile, they enjoy in order to lock onto some other substances. In such cases your own tissue. When they get latched in, oxidization happens and you also obtain all kinds of degenerative ailments. Cancer is probably the worst type of. Free radicals in metal result in oxidation, therefore that is a great way to take into account this. Read more Related Posts Breakthroughs Demonstrate Importance Of Targeted Therapies For Lung Cancer Biopsy In A Blood Test Effective New Diagnostic For Cancer Battling Lung Cancer With Combination Drug Therapy Click here to get legal advice from local attorneys specializing in the area of law you need. Home How an Alkaline Diet can Help you Overcome Cancer Posted by It is highly recommended that anyone who s been diagnosed with cancer and wants to be proactive in helping overcome their problem, that they turn to a mainly alkaline food intake as opposed to acid food. Every food item we eat is classified as either alkaline or acid and a recommended ratio is 80 percent of our intake should be alkaline with the other 20 percent can be acid. The alkaline acid ratio is measured on the ph scale which ranges from 0 to 14 with 7 being neutral. The letters ph stands for potential of hydrogen. The lower end of the scale being acidic with the upper reading of 7 to 14 being more alkaline. It is measured from body fluids and the easiest being a saliva test which can be done at home using a kit which contains litmus paper and a chart to get a result. It s a simple five minute test that anyone can do. Read more Related Posts Breakthroughs Demonstrate Importance Of Targeted Therapies For Lung Cancer Biopsy In A Blood Test Effective New Diagnostic For Cancer Battling Lung Cancer With Combination Drug Therapy Click here to get legal advice from local attorneys specializing in the area of law you need. Home Identifying bowel cancer symptoms and flushing it out Posted by The human body is home to several organs and parts that function together to maintain proper health. Any problem in a single organ can result in bodily functions being impaired to a great extent. The risk of cancer has grown as the major threat to individual s health in recent times. The rise of problems like bowel cancer has been the cause of a lot of apprehension among people. The cure to cancer lies in its early diagnoses. With the right study, it is possible for medical professionals to find the right treatment procedures. For this, it is essential for patients to recognize bowel cancer symptoms early and choose to undergo medical treatment. Bowel cancer symptoms develop over a long term and need to be identified accurately in order to avail of the right cure. Bowel cancer remains among the more prevalent forms of cancer in the modern world. It is also the second most prominent form of cancer in the United States of America. This makes it all the more important to be identified correctly. There are many bowel cancer symptoms like bloating, constipation, and stomach pain that can be mistaken for common ailments. This can be dangerous. In addition to these, patients should look out for sudden loss of appetite, vomiting, nausea, and diarrhea as bowel cancer symptoms. There can also be rectal bleeding in many of these cases. The bowel cancer symptoms are both discomforting and painful for many people. The nature of the symptoms also makes them very difficult to distinguish. The solution to this lies in the use of colonoscopy as an identification technique. The colonoscopy is a method through which it is possible to examine the entire colon using fiber optics and video chips. This will help the doctors to connect the bowel cancer symptoms with the problem with more accuracy. Time is of crucial importance in these cases. The immediate identification of the bowel cancer symptoms can help in formulating the right treatment at an early stage and increase the chances of recovery for the patient. There are many medical centers offering these facilities to patients across the world. It is important to choose the right professionals for the task. Read more Related Posts Breakthroughs Demonstrate Importance Of Targeted Therapies For Lung Cancer Biopsy In A Blood Test Effective New Diagnostic For Cancer Battling Lung Cancer With Combination Drug Therapy Click here to get legal advice from local attorneys specializing in the area of law you need. Home Older Posts Need Something Else Click below.... Best Fatburn Answers | Best Personal Injury Attorney | Christianity Teachings | Free eBooks Library | Free Marriage Help | Instant Abundance | Mental Success | Pick Up Women Guide | Power and Politics in America | Relationships Tips | Workplace Behavior | Best Paying Survey Sites | Asthma Cure Guide | Beginner Blues Guitar | Brighter Teeth | Best Dating Tips | Magnet4power | Micro Home Brewery | Choose Baby Gender | Cure Asthma Guide | Currency Trader Scam | Magnet4power Reviews | Tattoo Fever Reviews | People Search4free Reviews | Clickbank Explained | AnswersPlus.Info Reviews | Blues Guitar for Beginners | 6 Pack Abs Reviews | Cheap Airline Tickets Scam | Bad Breath Explained | How To Blog for Money | How To Fix Credit Explained | Dog Foods That Kill | Dominate Clickbank Reviews | DUI DWI Explained | Reduce Electric Bills Scam | Top Acne Solutions Exposed | Best Paying Online Surveys | Pick Up Hot Girls Today | 7 Minute Fat Loss Workout | Getting Started With Facebook | Facebook Advertising Explained | Free Health and Fitness Guide | Internet Products Closeout | Yahoo Answers Secrets Exposed | Repair Credit Fast and Easy | Getting Started with Squidoo | Craigslist Money Secrets | Free Website Traffic Exposed | Hub Pages Videos | Website Indexing Videos | Show Biz Memory Tricks | Metabolism Secrets to Weightloss | Self Esteem Secrets | Video Creation for Newbies | YouTube Marketing Exposed Categories About Mesothelioma Asbestos Cancer Mesothelioma Epithelioid Mesothelioma Malignant Mesothelioma Malignant Pleural Mesothelioma Mesothelioma Mesothelioma Article Mesothelioma Asbestos Mesothelioma Attorney Mesothelioma Attorneys Mesothelioma Cancer Mesothelioma Case Mesothelioma Cause Mesothelioma Chemotherapy Mesothelioma Claims Mesothelioma Diagnosis Mesothelioma Facts Mesothelioma Lawsuits Mesothelioma Lawyers Mesothelioma Litigation Mesothelioma Lung Cancer Mesothelioma Research Mesothelioma Resources Mesothelioma Settlement Mesothelioma Survival Mesothelioma Symptoms Mesothelioma Treatment Options Pericardial Mesothelioma Peritoneal Mesothelioma Top Q&A Uncategorized What Is Mesothelioma Privacy-FTC Notice-Disclaimer | Free Stuff | Subscribe to RSS Mesothelioma Expert Answers | Blog & Free Forum | Get Questions Answered . All Rights Reserved 2012 526 queries in 0.593 seconds')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01244', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Cancers From B to T Most common Types of Cancer - Bowel Colorectal Cancer Posted by Bowel cancer Bowel cancer also known as colorectal cancer, is defined as a condition of the abnormal proliferation of cells in the colon, rectum, or vermiform appendix. Bowl is divided in 2 parts, the first part of the bowel, the small bowl, is involved with the digestion and absorption of food. The 2nd part, the large bowel which consist the the colon and rectum, is involved in absorption of water from the small bowel contents and broken down of certain materials in the feces into substances of which some of them to be re absorbed and reused by the body. Bowel cancer is relatively very common and slowly growing and progress cancer and in predictable way. Bowel cancer is the third most commonly diagnosed cancer in developed countries, including US and Canada. Types of bowel cancer 1. Adenocarcinomas Most bowel cancers are adenocarcinomas, originated in epithelium tissues, including the surface layer of skin, glands and their tissues that line the cavities and organs of the body. 2. Squamous cell cancers Squamous cells are the skin like cells that make up the bowel lining together with the gland cells. Squamous cell cancers are rare with the risk of 25 per 100000. Other bowel tumours 3. Carcinoid Carcinoid is an unusual type of slow growth neuroendocrine tumor. It looks benign but might spread to other parts of the body as they grow in hormone producing tissue in the digestive system. Read more Related Posts Breakthroughs Demonstrate Importance Of Targeted Therapies For Lung Cancer Biopsy In A Blood Test Effective New Diagnostic For Cancer Battling Lung Cancer With Combination Drug Therapy Click here to get legal advice from local attorneys specializing in the area of law you need. Home Generic arimidex Anastrozole is the effective cancer medication to treat breast cancer Posted by One woman in eight who lives to age 85 will develop breast cancer at some time during her life. Breast cancer is not just a woman s disease. The American Cancer Society estimates that 1600 men develop the disease yearly and about 400 may die from the disease. Breast cancer risk is higher among those who have a mother, aunt, sister, or grandmother who had breast cancer before age 50. If only a mother or sister had breast cancer, your risk doubles. Having two first-degree relatives who were diagnosed increases your risk up to five times the average. For women without a family history of breast cancer, the risks are harder to identify. It is known that the hormone estrogen feeds many breast cancers, and several factors diet, excess weight, and alcohol consumption can raise the body s estrogen levels. There are several risk factors that are responsible for breast cancer. Following are some risk factors Genetic factors Changes in a woman s genes including BRCA1, BRCA2, and others may increase the risk for breast cancer. Tests from family members who have been known to have breast cancer can reveal the presence of specific gene changes in family members. In order to improve the detection of this disease in women who have these changes in their genes health care providers may be able to suggest ways to try to reduce the risk of breast cancer. Read more Related Posts Breakthroughs Demonstrate Importance Of Targeted Therapies For Lung Cancer Biopsy In A Blood Test Effective New Diagnostic For Cancer Battling Lung Cancer With Combination Drug Therapy Click here to get legal advice from local attorneys specializing in the area of law you need. Home Detection of breast cancer in Urdu language Posted by A primary doctor thermography and ultrasound specialist, recommends carrying out regular breast health. One of the most modern methods of early detection of breast cancer is the thermography. In general, they say that it is easier must to cure a disease when it is detected in early stages than when it invaded the whole body. This can be said in cancer and other diseases of the breast. In the latter case, doctors were able must to help to understand this negative phenomenon, using specialist treatment to restore hormonal disorders, inflammatory processes, and health care. Also, the doctor has helped cure many women affected by this scourge. A noninvasive method Considered a noninvasive method, thermography can be placed among the first diagnostic tests in detection of nodules and breast cancer, clinical examination and mammography compared to late diagnosis when the tumor already has a few inches. Advantages of thermograph does not radiate, which allows the investigation of any person, no matter how young even at 12 years , unlike mammography, but can not be used by women under 40 years because of radiation products making two months thermographic control of breast, monitoring patients under treatment. It should be noted that the thermograph has a high sensitivity, high accuracy, a special resolution, can record physiological abnormalities characteristic early onset of malignant tumors, breast, four, six years before the diagnosis by other methods.Health experts in thermography and ultrasound, says that people who have a history, that mother, grandmother, aunt who had breast cancer, mammary dysplasia, should undergo a thermography, even if you do not have any symptoms of illness. You also need to make a thermography and people who recognize the causes listed above, and the color Doppler ultrasound and 4D further investigation needed to complete genital breast disease diagnosis is breast ultrasound. Read more Related Posts Breakthroughs Demonstrate Importance Of Targeted Therapies For Lung Cancer Biopsy In A Blood Test Effective New Diagnostic For Cancer Battling Lung Cancer With Combination Drug Therapy Click here to get legal advice from local attorneys specializing in the area of law you need. Home Attempting to know Breast Cancer Better Posted by According to the figures released by the National Cancer Institute, 207,890 fresh cases of breast cancer emerged in the United States through 2010. Fresh cases in males hit the 1,970 mark. Breast cancer is easily one of the most terrifying diseases for the modern day woman. It is often shrouded in the midst of thousands of fears and uncertainties. The primary ones include loss of sexuality and self image, death, surgery, painful treatment procedures and many more. The doctor has a task on hand to assure the patient and motivate her to go in for positive treatment therapies. Treatment of breast cancer will largely depend on the type of the disease. Most victims consider this type ofcancer to be a term representing a single disease. This is a misconception. Cancerous growth within the breasts can occur in several forms. One could be the localized form of cancer which confines itself to the breast and surrounding areas. Other severe forms could include the typically invasive type of cancerous growths which metastasize over time and spread through the various essential organs of the body. In between these two extreme types, there could be partially invasive types as well which holds the promise of a positive prognosis. Sometimes non invasive growths could be found around invasive breast cancer. Diagnosing the specific type of breast cancer is of utmost importance. The treatment is administered as per the type of breast cancer the patient has been diagnosed with. Ideally, the doctor would be explaining the entire case to the patient with respect to the type of breast cancer present and the course of treatment which needs to be undertaken for the same purpose. They would also be providing details on how they might have arrived at the given conclusion, to assure you completely. Read more Related Posts Breakthroughs Demonstrate Importance Of Targeted Therapies For Lung Cancer Biopsy In A Blood Test Effective New Diagnostic For Cancer Battling Lung Cancer With Combination Drug Therapy Click here to get legal advice from local attorneys specializing in the area of law you need. Home Cancer and Bad Emotion Posted by Growth and Bad EmotionThere has been a growing understanding these days with the intention of the intention of disease is not singlele a topicof body encountering corporal problems, but disease is furthermorehermore a conundrumum of intangible things like emotion. Emotion in facthas a splendiddid part in putting our shapein skilledled balance. This is not singlele real pro emotion derived diseases like depression or other psychosomatic symptoms, but this is mostly real pro almost eachdisease, furthermorehermore pro cancer. A study conducted by researchers in John Hopkins University in Washington D.C. Found made knowne known with the intention of the intention of cancer cells can grow speedilyy in bad emotions. The study understoodrstood with the intention of the intention of cancer cells grow tremendously in an acidackground Anger, hatred, pitilessnd other bad emotions in factfit up creatureure body in this kind of acidackground Thus, keeping up personsns unenthusiasticiastic feeling in factdepositosit cancer patients in danger of cancer cell s growth. This is furthermorehermore real pro non cancer patients; sincen actualityty eachperson has cancer cells, but to be called as uncomplainingaining earningsngs with the intention of the intention of your body has urbanficientient amounts of detectable cancer cells. Anyhow, unenthusiasticiastic feelings can principalcipal a habitualal person into a state of bad shape be it cancer or other disease. Read more Related Posts Breakthroughs Demonstrate Importance Of Targeted Therapies For Lung Cancer Biopsy In A Blood Test Effective New Diagnostic For Cancer Battling Lung Cancer With Combination Drug Therapy Click here to get legal advice from local attorneys specializing in the area of law you need. Home Older Posts Need Something Else Click below.... Best Fatburn Answers | Best Personal Injury Attorney | Christianity Teachings | Free eBooks Library | Free Marriage Help | Instant Abundance | Mental Success | Pick Up Women Guide | Power and Politics in America | Relationships Tips | Workplace Behavior | Best Paying Survey Sites | Asthma Cure Guide | Beginner Blues Guitar | Brighter Teeth | Best Dating Tips | Magnet4power | Micro Home Brewery | Choose Baby Gender | Cure Asthma Guide | Currency Trader Scam | Magnet4power Reviews | Tattoo Fever Reviews | People Search4free Reviews | Clickbank Explained | AnswersPlus.Info Reviews | Blues Guitar for Beginners | 6 Pack Abs Reviews | Cheap Airline Tickets Scam | Bad Breath Explained | How To Blog for Money | How To Fix Credit Explained | Dog Foods That Kill | Dominate Clickbank Reviews | DUI DWI Explained | Reduce Electric Bills Scam | Top Acne Solutions Exposed | Best Paying Online Surveys | Pick Up Hot Girls Today | 7 Minute Fat Loss Workout | Getting Started With Facebook | Facebook Advertising Explained | Free Health and Fitness Guide | Internet Products Closeout | Yahoo Answers Secrets Exposed | Repair Credit Fast and Easy | Getting Started with Squidoo | Craigslist Money Secrets | Free Website Traffic Exposed | Hub Pages Videos | Website Indexing Videos | Show Biz Memory Tricks | Metabolism Secrets to Weightloss | Self Esteem Secrets | Video Creation for Newbies | YouTube Marketing Exposed Categories About Mesothelioma Asbestos Cancer Mesothelioma Epithelioid Mesothelioma Malignant Mesothelioma Malignant Pleural Mesothelioma Mesothelioma Mesothelioma Article Mesothelioma Asbestos Mesothelioma Attorney Mesothelioma Attorneys Mesothelioma Cancer Mesothelioma Case Mesothelioma Cause Mesothelioma Chemotherapy Mesothelioma Claims Mesothelioma Diagnosis Mesothelioma Facts Mesothelioma Lawsuits Mesothelioma Lawyers Mesothelioma Litigation Mesothelioma Lung Cancer Mesothelioma Research Mesothelioma Resources Mesothelioma Settlement Mesothelioma Survival Mesothelioma Symptoms Mesothelioma Treatment Options Pericardial Mesothelioma Peritoneal Mesothelioma Top Q&A Uncategorized What Is Mesothelioma Privacy-FTC Notice-Disclaimer | Free Stuff | Subscribe to RSS Mesothelioma Expert Answers | Blog & Free Forum | Get Questions Answered . All Rights Reserved 2012 526 queries in 0.650 seconds')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01245', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Chinese Herbal Approach to Breast Cancer Posted by According to accepted accurate theory, breast blight is believed to aftereffect from a alternation of alterations in the genes of breast cells. A annihilative bump may advance for several years afore it can be detected. Signs and affection of breast blight cover a lump, swelling, discharges from the nipple, tenderness, angle of the nipple, or a biconcave actualization of the breast skin. The a lot of frequently-cited factors in developing breast blight are hormones, age, and ancestors history. The accident of breast blight increases with age. Statistics on the about accident of developing breast blight with age actualization that one woman in 19,608 at the age of twenty-five, one woman in 50 at the age of fifty, and one woman in ten at the age of eighty develops breast cancer. Women who began menstruation aboriginal age 11 or younger or who ability menopause backward age 55 or older are at college accident for breast cancer. Some women accede genes that are added affected to the alterations that can advance to breast cancer. Today, the accepted therapies for breast blight cover surgery, radiation therapy , chemotherapy, hormone therapy, and autologous cartilage bottom transplants. These therapies are generally acclimated in combination, and they are the best achievement for breast blight sufferers. But these able analysis modalities aswell aftermath cogent ancillary effects , and arresting with the ancillary furnishings can be as emotionally difficult as arresting with the blight itself. It is absolutely in this breadth of ambidextrous with the ancillary furnishings of blight analysis that acceptable Chinese anesthetic is a lot of advantageous and effective. The aggregate of acupuncture, herbal anesthetic and comestible modifications can abundantly advance the all-embracing bloom and abundance of the blight patient. In China, this alliance of avant-garde Western therapies with age-old healing techniques is the accustomed access to alleviative cancer. Read more Related Posts Breakthroughs Demonstrate Importance Of Targeted Therapies For Lung Cancer Biopsy In A Blood Test Effective New Diagnostic For Cancer Battling Lung Cancer With Combination Drug Therapy Click here to get legal advice from local attorneys specializing in the area of law you need. Home Penile Cancer Symptoms and Treatment Posted by Penile cancer is often a disease in which cancerous growths occur within the tissues of the penis. Danger factors with regard to male organ cancer malignancy Individual papillomavirus infection might increase the chance of male organ cancers occurring. Not carrying out circumcision at birth. Old age. Read more Related Posts Breakthroughs Demonstrate Importance Of Targeted Therapies For Lung Cancer Biopsy In A Blood Test Effective New Diagnostic For Cancer Battling Lung Cancer With Combination Drug Therapy Click here to get legal advice from local attorneys specializing in the area of law you need. Home Advantages of laparoscopic prostatectomy surgery Posted by It is not always the truth that benign prostatic hyperplasia will result in the demand for surgical treatment. Understanding what remedies are available and the likelihood there will likely be a full cure is what the patient wants to know when a doctor initially informs them of the diagnosis made. When the medical diagnosis is negative and the patient doesn t have cancer you will have no need for prostate cancer surgery. Although the patient may possibly have an enlarged gland the signs and symptoms can in some cases be confused as to whether this is benign prostatic hyperplasia. Only in situations where it is unquestionably necessary might a medical doctor recommend surgery is required. A good medical doctor will look for non-surgical treatments first. Patients who return with a alternate prognosis may not fare so well. Medical doctors will suggest chemotherapy, non-invasive procedures or prostate cancer surgery depending on how far the cancer has extended and the measurements of the tumor. He may recommend a laparoscopic prostatectomy . The patient usually takes some time to digest the news. No one ever wishes to hear the primary prognosis, and the subsequent recommendation typically causes a person to get a deeper level of shock. Read more Related Posts Breakthroughs Demonstrate Importance Of Targeted Therapies For Lung Cancer Biopsy In A Blood Test Effective New Diagnostic For Cancer Battling Lung Cancer With Combination Drug Therapy Click here to get legal advice from local attorneys specializing in the area of law you need. Home Mesothelioma A dangerous form of cancer Posted by Malignant mesothelioma me-zoe-thee-lee-OH-muh is a rare cancer that occurs in the thin layer of tissue that covers the majority of your internal organs mesothelium . Doctors divide mesothelioma into different types based on what part of the mesothelium is affected.Mesothelioma most often affects the tissue that surrounds the lungs pleura . This type is called pleural malignant mesothelioma. Other, rarer types of mesothelioma affect tissue in the abdomen, around the heart and around the testicles.Mesothelioma is an aggressive and deadly form of cancer. Mesothelioma treatments are available, but for many people with mesothelioma, a cure is not possible. Instead, treatment for mesothelioma is often focused on keeping you as comfortable as possible. In general, cancer begins when a series of genetic mutations occur within a cell, causing the cell to grow and multiply out of control. It isn t clear what causes the initial genetic mutations that lead to mesothelioma, though researchers have identified factors that may increase the risk. It s likely that cancers form because of an interaction between many factors, such as inherited conditions, your environment, your health conditions and your lifestyle choices. Mesothelioma doesn t include a noncancerous tumor. A form of noncancerous benign tumor that can occur in the chest is sometimes called benign mesothelioma. However, this name is misleading.Benign mesothelioma doesn t begin in the same cells where the cancerous forms of mesothelioma begin. And, in a minority of cases, benign mesothelioma can be very aggressive, despite the term benign. For this reason, some doctors now refer to this tumor as solitary fibrous tumor. Read more Related Posts Breakthroughs Demonstrate Importance Of Targeted Therapies For Lung Cancer Biopsy In A Blood Test Effective New Diagnostic For Cancer Battling Lung Cancer With Combination Drug Therapy Click here to get legal advice from local attorneys specializing in the area of law you need. Home The Cure for Cancer Posted by The Cure for Cancer I receive many emails asking for me to pray for the cure for cancer and always see people doing sponsored events to raise funds for research to find the cure. But, do we not already know what the cure is Apparently everyone has cancer cells or pre-cancerous cells in their body and the body s immune system disposes of these naturally. It s only when the immune system is down that the body is unable to fight and dispose of these cells that they begin to multiply to a detectable level. Read more Related Posts Breakthroughs Demonstrate Importance Of Targeted Therapies For Lung Cancer Biopsy In A Blood Test Effective New Diagnostic For Cancer Battling Lung Cancer With Combination Drug Therapy Click here to get legal advice from local attorneys specializing in the area of law you need. Home Older Posts Need Something Else Click below.... Best Fatburn Answers | Best Personal Injury Attorney | Christianity Teachings | Free eBooks Library | Free Marriage Help | Instant Abundance | Mental Success | Pick Up Women Guide | Power and Politics in America | Relationships Tips | Workplace Behavior | Best Paying Survey Sites | Asthma Cure Guide | Beginner Blues Guitar | Brighter Teeth | Best Dating Tips | Magnet4power | Micro Home Brewery | Choose Baby Gender | Cure Asthma Guide | Currency Trader Scam | Magnet4power Reviews | Tattoo Fever Reviews | People Search4free Reviews | Clickbank Explained | AnswersPlus.Info Reviews | Blues Guitar for Beginners | 6 Pack Abs Reviews | Cheap Airline Tickets Scam | Bad Breath Explained | How To Blog for Money | How To Fix Credit Explained | Dog Foods That Kill | Dominate Clickbank Reviews | DUI DWI Explained | Reduce Electric Bills Scam | Top Acne Solutions Exposed | Best Paying Online Surveys | Pick Up Hot Girls Today | 7 Minute Fat Loss Workout | Getting Started With Facebook | Facebook Advertising Explained | Free Health and Fitness Guide | Internet Products Closeout | Yahoo Answers Secrets Exposed | Repair Credit Fast and Easy | Getting Started with Squidoo | Craigslist Money Secrets | Free Website Traffic Exposed | Hub Pages Videos | Website Indexing Videos | Show Biz Memory Tricks | Metabolism Secrets to Weightloss | Self Esteem Secrets | Video Creation for Newbies | YouTube Marketing Exposed Categories About Mesothelioma Asbestos Cancer Mesothelioma Epithelioid Mesothelioma Malignant Mesothelioma Malignant Pleural Mesothelioma Mesothelioma Mesothelioma Article Mesothelioma Asbestos Mesothelioma Attorney Mesothelioma Attorneys Mesothelioma Cancer Mesothelioma Case Mesothelioma Cause Mesothelioma Chemotherapy Mesothelioma Claims Mesothelioma Diagnosis Mesothelioma Facts Mesothelioma Lawsuits Mesothelioma Lawyers Mesothelioma Litigation Mesothelioma Lung Cancer Mesothelioma Research Mesothelioma Resources Mesothelioma Settlement Mesothelioma Survival Mesothelioma Symptoms Mesothelioma Treatment Options Pericardial Mesothelioma Peritoneal Mesothelioma Top Q&A Uncategorized What Is Mesothelioma Privacy-FTC Notice-Disclaimer | Free Stuff | Subscribe to RSS Mesothelioma Expert Answers | Blog & Free Forum | Get Questions Answered . All Rights Reserved 2012 526 queries in 0.398 seconds')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01246', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Sun Life Direct and the Bobby Moore Fund Posted by And nine out of ten of them are over the age of 50. Sun Life Direct is committed to doing everything possible to look after the interests of those who are over the age of 50. Which is why we re fully supporting the Bobby Moore Fund. Our aim is to do everything we can to help protect the lives of the over 50s, which is why we re proud to support the Bobby Moore Fund. Mark Howes, Managing Director, Sun Life Direct Tragically, World Cup football winning hero Bobby Moore OBE died of the disease aged just 51, prompting his widow Stephanie to set up the Fund to try and stop the same thing happening to others. Read more Related Posts Breakthroughs Demonstrate Importance Of Targeted Therapies For Lung Cancer Biopsy In A Blood Test Effective New Diagnostic For Cancer Battling Lung Cancer With Combination Drug Therapy Click here to get legal advice from local attorneys specializing in the area of law you need. Home Grape Seed Extract, Resveratrol Cause Cancer Cells to Die Posted by You might have heard about the health benefits of resveratrol. It has been in the news for the past couple of years. Resveratrol comes from the skin of grapes and has been touted as an amazing cholesterol-buster and antioxidant. It s not surprising, then, that researchers at Colorado State University just completed a new study examining the health benefits of grape seed extract and resveratrol together. The U.S. researchers found that grape seed extract could inhibit the growth of colon cancer cells in the laboratory. Colon cancer is the third leading cause of cancer deaths in men and women. Read more Related Posts Breakthroughs Demonstrate Importance Of Targeted Therapies For Lung Cancer Biopsy In A Blood Test Effective New Diagnostic For Cancer Battling Lung Cancer With Combination Drug Therapy Click here to get legal advice from local attorneys specializing in the area of law you need. Home Testing for bladder stones Posted by Unlike the stones which form in the kidneys in the body, the bladder stones are firmer, harder and tougher to expel out of the body. We must be aware that bladder stones are those solid crystals which develop in the urinary balder. They cause symptoms like pain in lower abdomen and more importantly, difficulty in passing urine. The testing and treatment of the same is important to avoid further complications and infections. Along with test like the x-rays, a rectal examination may also be carried out. Basically, while testing for bladder stones, the medical healthcare experts generally examine the entire body to ensure that there is no other cause for the symptoms. The first step is radiography by way of x-rays which may confirm the presence of stones. For further clarification, cystoscopy may be performed. This is an endoscope procedure where the medical device is entered into the body through the urethra. The urinary bladder is then examined. In this case, since it is a diagnostic procedure, the individual may be administered only local anesthesia. In operative methods, general anesthesia may be required. The urine sample is also analyzed because when bladder stones develop, they also affect the concentration and composition of the urine which is to be removed out of the body. Various compounds present in the urine are chemically and physically tested. The examination is also carried out at the microscopic level. The physical testing reports the basic coloration and appearance. A urine specific gravity test may be performed to understand the dilution of the urine. While the chemical test confirms the substance present, the microscopic test confirms whether there are any suspicious germs, mucous, or crystals. The health and nature of the cells can be determined. Additionally, the urine culture tests confirm if any bacteria are harbored in the excretory liquid. In adults and children, this test helps in confirming the presence or absence of infections. This is useful because the information aids the course of action for cure. Read more Related Posts Breakthroughs Demonstrate Importance Of Targeted Therapies For Lung Cancer Biopsy In A Blood Test Effective New Diagnostic For Cancer Battling Lung Cancer With Combination Drug Therapy Click here to get legal advice from local attorneys specializing in the area of law you need. Home Breast cancer patients need to meet with a specialist for a second opinion Posted by An analysis of cancer of the breast brings a lot of stress and disruption towards the lives of stricken patients as well as their families. Past the shock of first learning she s cancer of the breast, a lady must make a number of choices about treatments as well as their potential effects, in addition to changes in her own existence to support the uninvitedchanges introduced with a breast-cancer diagnosis. Frequently, it s not easy to create these choices within the small amount of time following a diagnosis, particularly when attempting to adjust while driven through the anxiety about the condition and, possibly believe it or not, the worry of treatment. It is important for patients identified with cancer of the breast to invest an sufficient period of time researching the condition, its prognosis and all sorts of available treatments. This understanding can help them get the best choices they are able to to optimize their outcome. Read more Related Posts Breakthroughs Demonstrate Importance Of Targeted Therapies For Lung Cancer Biopsy In A Blood Test Effective New Diagnostic For Cancer Battling Lung Cancer With Combination Drug Therapy Click here to get legal advice from local attorneys specializing in the area of law you need. Home Tips To Choose The Best Breast Cancer Hospital Posted by Are you or any of your loved ones suffering from breast cancer Then you should immediately consult with a reputed and experienced oncologist. Such a professional is specialist in the treatment of such diseases. While on the hunt for an experienced oncologist, you should know that the best ones are associated with reputed cancer hospitals. Therefore, you should make it a point to choose the best hospital, which is well equipped to treat cancer patients. However, you should not spend a lot of time in looking for a hospital which deals with breast cancer. Harrisburg is a place where a couple of the best hospitals or oncology centers are located. Given below are certain pointers that will help you to choose the best one 1. When it comes to choose the best hospital, you can rely upon the Internet to gather the necessary information. Generally, all reputed breast cancer centers these days have official websites, wherefrom you will be able to gather loads of information on the types of treatments offered, the technology used, the oncologists, and the infrastructure of the center. These information will help you to make an informed decision about choosing a clinic or a hospital. Read more Related Posts Breakthroughs Demonstrate Importance Of Targeted Therapies For Lung Cancer Biopsy In A Blood Test Effective New Diagnostic For Cancer Battling Lung Cancer With Combination Drug Therapy Click here to get legal advice from local attorneys specializing in the area of law you need. Home Older Posts Need Something Else Click below.... Best Fatburn Answers | Best Personal Injury Attorney | Christianity Teachings | Free eBooks Library | Free Marriage Help | Instant Abundance | Mental Success | Pick Up Women Guide | Power and Politics in America | Relationships Tips | Workplace Behavior | Best Paying Survey Sites | Asthma Cure Guide | Beginner Blues Guitar | Brighter Teeth | Best Dating Tips | Magnet4power | Micro Home Brewery | Choose Baby Gender | Cure Asthma Guide | Currency Trader Scam | Magnet4power Reviews | Tattoo Fever Reviews | People Search4free Reviews | Clickbank Explained | AnswersPlus.Info Reviews | Blues Guitar for Beginners | 6 Pack Abs Reviews | Cheap Airline Tickets Scam | Bad Breath Explained | How To Blog for Money | How To Fix Credit Explained | Dog Foods That Kill | Dominate Clickbank Reviews | DUI DWI Explained | Reduce Electric Bills Scam | Top Acne Solutions Exposed | Best Paying Online Surveys | Pick Up Hot Girls Today | 7 Minute Fat Loss Workout | Getting Started With Facebook | Facebook Advertising Explained | Free Health and Fitness Guide | Internet Products Closeout | Yahoo Answers Secrets Exposed | Repair Credit Fast and Easy | Getting Started with Squidoo | Craigslist Money Secrets | Free Website Traffic Exposed | Hub Pages Videos | Website Indexing Videos | Show Biz Memory Tricks | Metabolism Secrets to Weightloss | Self Esteem Secrets | Video Creation for Newbies | YouTube Marketing Exposed Categories About Mesothelioma Asbestos Cancer Mesothelioma Epithelioid Mesothelioma Malignant Mesothelioma Malignant Pleural Mesothelioma Mesothelioma Mesothelioma Article Mesothelioma Asbestos Mesothelioma Attorney Mesothelioma Attorneys Mesothelioma Cancer Mesothelioma Case Mesothelioma Cause Mesothelioma Chemotherapy Mesothelioma Claims Mesothelioma Diagnosis Mesothelioma Facts Mesothelioma Lawsuits Mesothelioma Lawyers Mesothelioma Litigation Mesothelioma Lung Cancer Mesothelioma Research Mesothelioma Resources Mesothelioma Settlement Mesothelioma Survival Mesothelioma Symptoms Mesothelioma Treatment Options Pericardial Mesothelioma Peritoneal Mesothelioma Top Q&A Uncategorized What Is Mesothelioma Privacy-FTC Notice-Disclaimer | Free Stuff | Subscribe to RSS Mesothelioma Expert Answers | Blog & Free Forum | Get Questions Answered . All Rights Reserved 2012 526 queries in 0.771 seconds')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01247', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Important Period Question!! Please Answer! Posted by Timothy Allageri When will I get my first period ! Heey! Ik that 1st period questions are annoying but I want real opinions!! I don t want every girl is different blah,blah,blah please Ok so hers are the details ! I m 11 years old! Height/age/weight ok so I m about 4 4/4 5 feet tall I grew about 4 inches sine last year, I m 71 pounds and I gained about 12 pounds, I grew two feet sizes, and I think I m having a growth spurt! Breasts ok so I started developing when I was 9 they were just little buds. The first time I felt my breasts buds I thought I had cancer and started to cry, and then my mom had to explain to me what they were! Lol Hair I have pubic hair, its dark brown and partially covering, it strted to show when I was around 9 1/2 years old its more like a forest instead of a jungle . I have been shaving my underars since I was 9 too! I don t like it Discharge/ect I ve discharge for about a year but the first time it was really noticable was about 3 months go when it turned brown. It only happened once lol. Now my discharge is white or tinted-yellow, its heavy and kind of crusty I get leg pains rarely cramps, but I do get headaches. Notes I m petite, my mom got her period when she was about 12 I m a dancer I run about 4 miles a week, and that s pretty much it!! Sorry if this was tmi 4 you Ty! When will I get my first period Related Posts Can You Assess My Health Hereditary/environmental Factors Why Dont People Agree With Insurance Coverage Of Birth Control Can You Help Me Out Without This Query To Do With A Possible Stroke Click here to get legal advice from local attorneys specializing in the area of law you need. Home Please Help So Scared Cant Get On With My Life Posted by Timothy Allageri 5 years ago i started getting flat stools. and now since 2 months ago my appetite went. i then had a change in bowel habbits and also had red stools not piles but the stool was all red. since i have been having some back pains and a dry cough with pains in my throat. i also wheeze and get headaches with dizzyness and shoulder pains. im scared i have bowel cancer that has spread to my lung and brain. i am overweight and 24 years old please help. i ahve a referal but just want opinions while im waiting as this has been ruining my life Related Posts Can You Assess My Health Hereditary/environmental Factors Why Dont People Agree With Insurance Coverage Of Birth Control Can You Help Me Out Without This Query To Do With A Possible Stroke Click here to get legal advice from local attorneys specializing in the area of law you need. Home What Is God s Problem Posted by Timothy Allageri If He is up there he won t answer because he doesn t want to. or He cant answer because he isn t there. In in either case, we are left her to wonder like idiots. I want definitive proof, because the Holy Bible tells me so doesn t cut it, the Holy Qua ran tells me so doesn t cut it. The Jewish notion that they are the chosen people because the Torah told them so doesn t cut it. If I write done on a piece of paper something scientific, or insightful, or that I witnessed a miracle and am willing to die to defend what I wrote down is true. Does that make it true Think, what does it mean to have faith if having faith involves not knowing for sure Isn t the message simply, don t be an , be kind and generous I ve been exposed to asbestos, so it will come as no surprise if I die from lung cancer, if I live long enough. When it happened I had no idea what it was, never heard of the word. What is God s problem anyway Does this sound like something a loving God would do I m just one person, the whole world is full of worse fates than my own. If I saw god right now, do you know what I would say to Him, WTF, I m a good person! You are a cruel master! Has this thought ever occurred to anyone Is the whole world evil, is that why God doesn t care Is God not powerful enough to defeat or prevent corruption from the devil If something is true, shouldn t be obvious Religious people going around shouting, It s the truth, It s the truth. In fact they don t acutely know, but just say it s the truth just in case Is that it, is religion just a precaution Related Posts Can You Assess My Health Hereditary/environmental Factors Why Dont People Agree With Insurance Coverage Of Birth Control Can You Help Me Out Without This Query To Do With A Possible Stroke Click here to get legal advice from local attorneys specializing in the area of law you need. Home What Does These Areas Say In My Chart s Posted by Timothy Allageri Chiron Cancer 27.03 Ceres Libra 21.35 Pallas Virgo 15.02 Juno Aquarius 1.37 R Vesta Cancer 8.25 can someone please interpret the meaning of each of these listed thank you! Related Posts Can You Assess My Health Hereditary/environmental Factors Why Dont People Agree With Insurance Coverage Of Birth Control Can You Help Me Out Without This Query To Do With A Possible Stroke Click here to get legal advice from local attorneys specializing in the area of law you need. Home Please Help So Scared Can t Get On With My Life Posted by Timothy Allageri 5 years ago i started getting flat stools. and now since 2 months ago my appetite went. i then had a change in bowel habbits and also had red stools not piles but the stool was all red. since i have been having some back pains and a dry cough with pains in my throat. i also wheeze and get headaches with dizzyness and shoulder pains. im scared i have bowel cancer that has spread to my lung and brain. i am overweight and 24 years old please help. i ahve a referal but just want opinions while im waiting as this has been ruining my life Related Posts Can You Assess My Health Hereditary/environmental Factors Why Dont People Agree With Insurance Coverage Of Birth Control Can You Help Me Out Without This Query To Do With A Possible Stroke Click here to get legal advice from local attorneys specializing in the area of law you need. Home Older Posts Need Something Else Click below.... Best Fatburn Answers | Best Personal Injury Attorney | Christianity Teachings | Free eBooks Library | Free Marriage Help | Instant Abundance | Mental Success | Pick Up Women Guide | Power and Politics in America | Relationships Tips | Workplace Behavior | Best Paying Survey Sites | Asthma Cure Guide | Beginner Blues Guitar | Brighter Teeth | Best Dating Tips | Magnet4power | Micro Home Brewery | Choose Baby Gender | Cure Asthma Guide | Currency Trader Scam | Magnet4power Reviews | Tattoo Fever Reviews | People Search4free Reviews | Clickbank Explained | AnswersPlus.Info Reviews | Blues Guitar for Beginners | 6 Pack Abs Reviews | Cheap Airline Tickets Scam | Bad Breath Explained | How To Blog for Money | How To Fix Credit Explained | Dog Foods That Kill | Dominate Clickbank Reviews | DUI DWI Explained | Reduce Electric Bills Scam | Top Acne Solutions Exposed | Best Paying Online Surveys | Pick Up Hot Girls Today | 7 Minute Fat Loss Workout | Getting Started With Facebook | Facebook Advertising Explained | Free Health and Fitness Guide | Internet Products Closeout | Yahoo Answers Secrets Exposed | Repair Credit Fast and Easy | Getting Started with Squidoo | Craigslist Money Secrets | Free Website Traffic Exposed | Hub Pages Videos | Website Indexing Videos | Show Biz Memory Tricks | Metabolism Secrets to Weightloss | Self Esteem Secrets | Video Creation for Newbies | YouTube Marketing Exposed Categories About Mesothelioma Asbestos Cancer Mesothelioma Epithelioid Mesothelioma Malignant Mesothelioma Malignant Pleural Mesothelioma Mesothelioma Mesothelioma Article Mesothelioma Asbestos Mesothelioma Attorney Mesothelioma Attorneys Mesothelioma Cancer Mesothelioma Case Mesothelioma Cause Mesothelioma Chemotherapy Mesothelioma Claims Mesothelioma Diagnosis Mesothelioma Facts Mesothelioma Lawsuits Mesothelioma Lawyers Mesothelioma Litigation Mesothelioma Lung Cancer Mesothelioma Research Mesothelioma Resources Mesothelioma Settlement Mesothelioma Survival Mesothelioma Symptoms Mesothelioma Treatment Options Pericardial Mesothelioma Peritoneal Mesothelioma Top Q&A Uncategorized What Is Mesothelioma Privacy-FTC Notice-Disclaimer | Free Stuff | Subscribe to RSS Mesothelioma Expert Answers | Blog & Free Forum | Get Questions Answered . All Rights Reserved 2012 524 queries in 0.385 seconds')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01248', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Does This Dude Like Me Or Is It All In My Head Posted by Timothy Allageri My best guy friend and I sit next to each other on the bus. He was really quiet the first few days we started sitting together, even though he had already known me. For the past 2 weeks he has little shenanigans that are really funny . For example, last Friday he started poking me in my stomach trying to find my tickle spots and pinching my sides, whilst we were both thinking it was hilarious and today, on the way home, he found a marker on the floor of the bus and we started marking all over each other, again, thinking it was funny. He tries making me laugh a lot i.e. putting my pink breast cancer awareness bow in his hair , and is very socially awkward and shy person that doesn t have many friends that are girls, while I am emo with heavy makeup and hair with not very many friends whatsoever. BTW I am a freshman, he is a sophomore in high school of course Related Posts Can You Assess My Health Hereditary/environmental Factors Why Dont People Agree With Insurance Coverage Of Birth Control Can You Help Me Out Without This Query To Do With A Possible Stroke Click here to get legal advice from local attorneys specializing in the area of law you need. Home Cardiovascular Disease Or Lung Cancer, Which Would Be Better For 5000 Word Study epq Posted by Timothy Allageri i m at college and i want to do an epq, but i can t decide if i want the theme to be lung cancer or cardiovascular disease, i want to go into a molecular level in description and treatment, as well as talk about the history and statistics, and the cause risk factors of the disease. I need a specific question for the title which i am not sure of yet, any ideas would be good, or any other diseases or virus which you may think is better. for those who don t know an Extended Project Qualification, is where you either make something 2000 words or do pure research on a topic 5000 words you submit an essay, as well as doing a presentation. A successful grade is good for getting into university Related Posts Can You Assess My Health Hereditary/environmental Factors Why Dont People Agree With Insurance Coverage Of Birth Control Can You Help Me Out Without This Query To Do With A Possible Stroke Click here to get legal advice from local attorneys specializing in the area of law you need. Home I Would Like To Remove An Old Asbestos House How Much Would It Cost Posted by Timothy Allageri I would like to get rid of it completely either have the whole house removed or have it removed from the frame. Has anyone had this done in Brisbane or Australia It is a 4 bedroom house with two sheds. Related Posts Can You Assess My Health Hereditary/environmental Factors Why Dont People Agree With Insurance Coverage Of Birth Control Can You Help Me Out Without This Query To Do With A Possible Stroke Click here to get legal advice from local attorneys specializing in the area of law you need. Home Moderate Flow For Four Weeks Posted by Timothy Allageri I ve had my period for a full four weeks. A few things have changed that might have caused this. I recently stopped taking Lithium which may have affected my thyroid or hormone balance. I began taking the pill Gianvi on the first day of this marathon period. Also, I recently started dating someone new. He is clean and we use protection. What is going on Cancer Cysts Hormonal imbalance Please help if you have any idea, because I won t be able to see the doctor for another two and a half weeks. Related Posts Can You Assess My Health Hereditary/environmental Factors Why Dont People Agree With Insurance Coverage Of Birth Control Can You Help Me Out Without This Query To Do With A Possible Stroke Click here to get legal advice from local attorneys specializing in the area of law you need. Home Why Do Many Serbian Women Have Plastic Surgery Posted by Timothy Allageri This is a legitimate question. I am doing a paper on Media Stream & Cultural clash. I have chosen Serbia as a country of choice because I have a Serbian friend whose mother watches Serbian channel day in and day out I am also over at their house like 6 days a week, she s basically my sister . Anyway, 80% of the people appear in the channels have so much plastic surgery or makeup on. So why do you think a lot of women there received many surgeries Do you think this is a great way to educate younger generations How do you think this will effect children and how they interpret what beauty is For fun My friends and her friends/cousins tans A LOT. Do they have doctoral warnings in Serbia regarding skin cancer, lung and colon cancer Lung pertaining to heavy smokers and constant meat eaters Just askin because her mom smokes a lot but won t quit man I even tried giving her the fake cigs. And if they do have those warnings, do they actually make an effort to brainwash people, kind of like what they do in America good and bad , so they will make a healthier lifestyle Skinny doesn t always mean healthy. Fat doesn t always mean unhealthy. Thanks. Related Posts Can You Assess My Health Hereditary/environmental Factors Why Dont People Agree With Insurance Coverage Of Birth Control Can You Help Me Out Without This Query To Do With A Possible Stroke Click here to get legal advice from local attorneys specializing in the area of law you need. Home Older Posts Need Something Else Click below.... Best Fatburn Answers | Best Personal Injury Attorney | Christianity Teachings | Free eBooks Library | Free Marriage Help | Instant Abundance | Mental Success | Pick Up Women Guide | Power and Politics in America | Relationships Tips | Workplace Behavior | Best Paying Survey Sites | Asthma Cure Guide | Beginner Blues Guitar | Brighter Teeth | Best Dating Tips | Magnet4power | Micro Home Brewery | Choose Baby Gender | Cure Asthma Guide | Currency Trader Scam | Magnet4power Reviews | Tattoo Fever Reviews | People Search4free Reviews | Clickbank Explained | AnswersPlus.Info Reviews | Blues Guitar for Beginners | 6 Pack Abs Reviews | Cheap Airline Tickets Scam | Bad Breath Explained | How To Blog for Money | How To Fix Credit Explained | Dog Foods That Kill | Dominate Clickbank Reviews | DUI DWI Explained | Reduce Electric Bills Scam | Top Acne Solutions Exposed | Best Paying Online Surveys | Pick Up Hot Girls Today | 7 Minute Fat Loss Workout | Getting Started With Facebook | Facebook Advertising Explained | Free Health and Fitness Guide | Internet Products Closeout | Yahoo Answers Secrets Exposed | Repair Credit Fast and Easy | Getting Started with Squidoo | Craigslist Money Secrets | Free Website Traffic Exposed | Hub Pages Videos | Website Indexing Videos | Show Biz Memory Tricks | Metabolism Secrets to Weightloss | Self Esteem Secrets | Video Creation for Newbies | YouTube Marketing Exposed Categories About Mesothelioma Asbestos Cancer Mesothelioma Epithelioid Mesothelioma Malignant Mesothelioma Malignant Pleural Mesothelioma Mesothelioma Mesothelioma Article Mesothelioma Asbestos Mesothelioma Attorney Mesothelioma Attorneys Mesothelioma Cancer Mesothelioma Case Mesothelioma Cause Mesothelioma Chemotherapy Mesothelioma Claims Mesothelioma Diagnosis Mesothelioma Facts Mesothelioma Lawsuits Mesothelioma Lawyers Mesothelioma Litigation Mesothelioma Lung Cancer Mesothelioma Research Mesothelioma Resources Mesothelioma Settlement Mesothelioma Survival Mesothelioma Symptoms Mesothelioma Treatment Options Pericardial Mesothelioma Peritoneal Mesothelioma Top Q&A Uncategorized What Is Mesothelioma Privacy-FTC Notice-Disclaimer | Free Stuff | Subscribe to RSS Mesothelioma Expert Answers | Blog & Free Forum | Get Questions Answered . All Rights Reserved 2012 524 queries in 0.527 seconds')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01249', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Why Do Natural Deodorants Irritate My Skin Posted by Timothy Allageri Switching from the big brand deodorants to more natural, chemical free deodorants seemed like a no brainer, what with no aluminum to cause breast cancer, but every time I use natural deodorants my skin starts to sting and turns red. I never had this problem with the typical store brands Dove and others , even though they have more things in them that s just not good to put on your skin. Why is this happening I shave daily, however it doesn t seem to matter how long after I shave I put the deodorant on. It always stings and turns my skin red, and every natural brand I ve ever used has caused this. Related Posts Can You Assess My Health Hereditary/environmental Factors Why Dont People Agree With Insurance Coverage Of Birth Control Can You Help Me Out Without This Query To Do With A Possible Stroke Click here to get legal advice from local attorneys specializing in the area of law you need. Home Urgently Urgent help Me Posted by Timothy Allageri okk this is going on for the past 1 month i was having gastritis and it got cured as now im feeling nothin kinda that i consulted 5 doctors they r saying that it was gastritis and now its cured okk firstly i was thinking that i had cancer in my brain so i want on a mri but the report was normal than i thought that i had stomach cancer because i was having vomiting then i had a ultrasund that was normal than i thought i had lung n esophagus cancer but the x ray was normal n now im think that i have throat cancer my doctor says due to gastritis i was in stress n that created anxity whixh is still going on i m having throat n shortness of breath im going 2 die i actually thinka lot my father has alrady spent over 20000 on me what is this actually any reamdy .plz help im only 13 actually my mon sufferd from cancer n she died so i always think that i would die n everytime i see a nornrmal report that everything becomes fine n my other organ starts painingi have throat pain n now my whole neck his paining i cant breeth properly each second of my life i think im gonna diewhat is this actually will i die Related Posts Can You Assess My Health Hereditary/environmental Factors Why Dont People Agree With Insurance Coverage Of Birth Control Can You Help Me Out Without This Query To Do With A Possible Stroke Click here to get legal advice from local attorneys specializing in the area of law you need. Home What Was The Last Year That Asbestos Was Legal To Use In Building Mobile Homes Posted by Timothy Allageri I have one source that says it was banned in 1989. But I just don t know. Related Posts Can You Assess My Health Hereditary/environmental Factors Why Dont People Agree With Insurance Coverage Of Birth Control Can You Help Me Out Without This Query To Do With A Possible Stroke Click here to get legal advice from local attorneys specializing in the area of law you need. Home Poll Does Bladder Cancer Run In Your Family Posted by Timothy Allageri Nothing runs in my family. Related Posts Can You Assess My Health Hereditary/environmental Factors Why Dont People Agree With Insurance Coverage Of Birth Control Can You Help Me Out Without This Query To Do With A Possible Stroke Click here to get legal advice from local attorneys specializing in the area of law you need. Home I m 14 And Worried About Seeing A Gyno girls Only Please Posted by Timothy Allageri I m 14 and I have had my period for just over a year. My mum is a wonderful mum and is very protective which is great, most of the time. She hasn t told me that I have to go and see a gyno yet but her mum my grandmother died of breast cancer, and her mum my great grandmother of cervical cancer, both at young ages, so I can understand her concern. The thought of someone touching me in private areas makes me feel sick, not because it is disgusting or whatever but it genuinely terrifies me. I know it probably sounds irrational and I know it is important for my health but I m literally shaking writing this. I know that I will have to go in the next few years but I wanted to ask if I would be allowed to take my best friend with me. I won t feel comfortable with my mum there but my best friend is 6 months older than me and I would trust her with my life. I know that she would come if I asked her to but I was wondering if I would be allowed Thanks x Related Posts Can You Assess My Health Hereditary/environmental Factors Why Dont People Agree With Insurance Coverage Of Birth Control Can You Help Me Out Without This Query To Do With A Possible Stroke Click here to get legal advice from local attorneys specializing in the area of law you need. Home Older Posts Need Something Else Click below.... Best Fatburn Answers | Best Personal Injury Attorney | Christianity Teachings | Free eBooks Library | Free Marriage Help | Instant Abundance | Mental Success | Pick Up Women Guide | Power and Politics in America | Relationships Tips | Workplace Behavior | Best Paying Survey Sites | Asthma Cure Guide | Beginner Blues Guitar | Brighter Teeth | Best Dating Tips | Magnet4power | Micro Home Brewery | Choose Baby Gender | Cure Asthma Guide | Currency Trader Scam | Magnet4power Reviews | Tattoo Fever Reviews | People Search4free Reviews | Clickbank Explained | AnswersPlus.Info Reviews | Blues Guitar for Beginners | 6 Pack Abs Reviews | Cheap Airline Tickets Scam | Bad Breath Explained | How To Blog for Money | How To Fix Credit Explained | Dog Foods That Kill | Dominate Clickbank Reviews | DUI DWI Explained | Reduce Electric Bills Scam | Top Acne Solutions Exposed | Best Paying Online Surveys | Pick Up Hot Girls Today | 7 Minute Fat Loss Workout | Getting Started With Facebook | Facebook Advertising Explained | Free Health and Fitness Guide | Internet Products Closeout | Yahoo Answers Secrets Exposed | Repair Credit Fast and Easy | Getting Started with Squidoo | Craigslist Money Secrets | Free Website Traffic Exposed | Hub Pages Videos | Website Indexing Videos | Show Biz Memory Tricks | Metabolism Secrets to Weightloss | Self Esteem Secrets | Video Creation for Newbies | YouTube Marketing Exposed Categories About Mesothelioma Asbestos Cancer Mesothelioma Epithelioid Mesothelioma Malignant Mesothelioma Malignant Pleural Mesothelioma Mesothelioma Mesothelioma Article Mesothelioma Asbestos Mesothelioma Attorney Mesothelioma Attorneys Mesothelioma Cancer Mesothelioma Case Mesothelioma Cause Mesothelioma Chemotherapy Mesothelioma Claims Mesothelioma Diagnosis Mesothelioma Facts Mesothelioma Lawsuits Mesothelioma Lawyers Mesothelioma Litigation Mesothelioma Lung Cancer Mesothelioma Research Mesothelioma Resources Mesothelioma Settlement Mesothelioma Survival Mesothelioma Symptoms Mesothelioma Treatment Options Pericardial Mesothelioma Peritoneal Mesothelioma Top Q&A Uncategorized What Is Mesothelioma Privacy-FTC Notice-Disclaimer | Free Stuff | Subscribe to RSS Mesothelioma Expert Answers | Blog & Free Forum | Get Questions Answered . All Rights Reserved 2012 524 queries in 0.657 seconds')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01250', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Vagina And Vulva Problems Posted by Timothy Allageri I m a 15 year old girl. I ll be 16 in a little over a month. I ve had a boyfriend for about a year now and I sort of have a problem. I don t think I have any sexual feeling down there . My boyfriend has fingered me and ate me out, but I think he possibly gets more pleasure from it than I do. It doesn t hurt, it just feels like someone is touching my arm, and when he penetrates my vagina with his fingers it sometimes feels uncomfortable. He likes to suck on and feel my breasts, but I get no pleasure from this either. When I masturbate and try new things by myself I still do not feel pleasure. I think something is wrong with me. I have no STD s I just got bloodwork done to check for cancer , but I am on generic brands of prozac and ortho tri cyclen for acne. I am a virgin as well. What could be wrong with me Related Posts Can You Assess My Health Hereditary/environmental Factors Why Dont People Agree With Insurance Coverage Of Birth Control Can You Help Me Out Without This Query To Do With A Possible Stroke Click here to get legal advice from local attorneys specializing in the area of law you need. Home What Do You Think Of Smoking In Moderation Posted by Timothy Allageri Government and mass media keeps hammering this into our heads that cigarettes cause lung cancer etc. But, it simply feels so much pleasure that I can t agree with it. I believe we re being lied to by Government and anti-tobacco lobby. I know several older people who still smoke a pack a day and feel healthy and active. Cigarettes make me feel alert, productive and sharper. The only gripe I have is with chain smoking cause it irritates the throat and I don t enjoy the smoker s cough. But, once it s settled down, it s back to usual. Related Posts Can You Assess My Health Hereditary/environmental Factors Why Dont People Agree With Insurance Coverage Of Birth Control Can You Help Me Out Without This Query To Do With A Possible Stroke Click here to get legal advice from local attorneys specializing in the area of law you need. Home Just Joined A Gt Chorus Class! What To Do About What My Teacher Calls Me Being stage Shy Posted by Timothy Allageri The class is all about being free, and feeling good in your skin, which the teacher says will help with going in front of others to sing. The thing is I and free and feeling just fine in my own skin, but he call me stage shy, which is quite true, I have these chills and get shaky even just in front of my other gt chorus members when I sing in the stage class. Because I am the only one with this problem in my class, my teacher likes to pick on me and make me sing the most. Now, my class members just choose my to be group leader And I was really looking forward to this I say sarcastically , which I am pretty good at leading, but this also means that I have I to do a lot of song starting singing and main singer crap, and well, I am stage shy as my teacher likes to call it. How can I make this go away, this is not a good for the upcoming cancer charity concert we are supposed to have towards the end of the year, at which I am supposed to do the BIG ending, singing Prayer by Celine Dion. Just thinking about it makes me shaky! I need some help! Please, all the advice possible is needed! Related Posts Can You Assess My Health Hereditary/environmental Factors Why Dont People Agree With Insurance Coverage Of Birth Control Can You Help Me Out Without This Query To Do With A Possible Stroke Click here to get legal advice from local attorneys specializing in the area of law you need. Home Is It True That If You Believe What You Want Your Labor To Be Like Itll Be Like That Posted by Timothy Allageri I think this is absolutely ridiculous but I was talking to my sister last night and she said that she believed and focused her thoughts on her labor and this is what she said With Ellie her daughter I visualized that I would be about a week overdue, I would have her in the water squatting, my labor would be about 5 hours and she would be born in the water bag she was born about a week late, I squatted in the water, my labor was 7 hours and she was born in the bag I told her that this sounded equivalent to believing and visualizing that your cancer will go away and the next day its gone. she said there are all kinds of moms who did this and had exactly what they visualized I kind of dont believe her and think she sounds nuts. shes all mother nature and thinks the universe controls things and believes in healing power and energy healing people. if that was true then you think my moms cancer would be gone by now ..! what are your thoughts on this Related Posts Can You Assess My Health Hereditary/environmental Factors Why Dont People Agree With Insurance Coverage Of Birth Control Can You Help Me Out Without This Query To Do With A Possible Stroke Click here to get legal advice from local attorneys specializing in the area of law you need. Home I m Wondering Is It Safe To Smoke Tea Posted by Timothy Allageri Ive been smoking tobacco for a few years now and I just found out about smoking tea. I don t know why I never thought about this before. I have a few questions about it. Let me state I don t smoke weed nor am I looking for a cheap high. I like to enjoy a smoke every so often and I want to try a new experience and possibility a tobacco alternative. 1 will it cause any major health problems please don t say bad lungs or cancer. I know that already 2 Is it safer then tobacco 3 What tea to use Related Posts Can You Assess My Health Hereditary/environmental Factors Why Dont People Agree With Insurance Coverage Of Birth Control Can You Help Me Out Without This Query To Do With A Possible Stroke Click here to get legal advice from local attorneys specializing in the area of law you need. Home Older Posts Need Something Else Click below.... Best Fatburn Answers | Best Personal Injury Attorney | Christianity Teachings | Free eBooks Library | Free Marriage Help | Instant Abundance | Mental Success | Pick Up Women Guide | Power and Politics in America | Relationships Tips | Workplace Behavior | Best Paying Survey Sites | Asthma Cure Guide | Beginner Blues Guitar | Brighter Teeth | Best Dating Tips | Magnet4power | Micro Home Brewery | Choose Baby Gender | Cure Asthma Guide | Currency Trader Scam | Magnet4power Reviews | Tattoo Fever Reviews | People Search4free Reviews | Clickbank Explained | AnswersPlus.Info Reviews | Blues Guitar for Beginners | 6 Pack Abs Reviews | Cheap Airline Tickets Scam | Bad Breath Explained | How To Blog for Money | How To Fix Credit Explained | Dog Foods That Kill | Dominate Clickbank Reviews | DUI DWI Explained | Reduce Electric Bills Scam | Top Acne Solutions Exposed | Best Paying Online Surveys | Pick Up Hot Girls Today | 7 Minute Fat Loss Workout | Getting Started With Facebook | Facebook Advertising Explained | Free Health and Fitness Guide | Internet Products Closeout | Yahoo Answers Secrets Exposed | Repair Credit Fast and Easy | Getting Started with Squidoo | Craigslist Money Secrets | Free Website Traffic Exposed | Hub Pages Videos | Website Indexing Videos | Show Biz Memory Tricks | Metabolism Secrets to Weightloss | Self Esteem Secrets | Video Creation for Newbies | YouTube Marketing Exposed Categories About Mesothelioma Asbestos Cancer Mesothelioma Epithelioid Mesothelioma Malignant Mesothelioma Malignant Pleural Mesothelioma Mesothelioma Mesothelioma Article Mesothelioma Asbestos Mesothelioma Attorney Mesothelioma Attorneys Mesothelioma Cancer Mesothelioma Case Mesothelioma Cause Mesothelioma Chemotherapy Mesothelioma Claims Mesothelioma Diagnosis Mesothelioma Facts Mesothelioma Lawsuits Mesothelioma Lawyers Mesothelioma Litigation Mesothelioma Lung Cancer Mesothelioma Research Mesothelioma Resources Mesothelioma Settlement Mesothelioma Survival Mesothelioma Symptoms Mesothelioma Treatment Options Pericardial Mesothelioma Peritoneal Mesothelioma Top Q&A Uncategorized What Is Mesothelioma Privacy-FTC Notice-Disclaimer | Free Stuff | Subscribe to RSS Mesothelioma Expert Answers | Blog & Free Forum | Get Questions Answered . All Rights Reserved 2012 524 queries in 0.666 seconds')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01251', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> What Are Treatment Options For Metastatic Melanoma Posted by Timothy Allageri I m interested in ALL treatment options especially alternative medicines. Options we already tried include IV Interferon, Yerboi vaccine , and Temador. Forgive the spelling, I m no doctor. Cancer is in nodes, but not systemic yet. Related Posts Can You Assess My Health Hereditary/environmental Factors Why Dont People Agree With Insurance Coverage Of Birth Control Can You Help Me Out Without This Query To Do With A Possible Stroke Click here to get legal advice from local attorneys specializing in the area of law you need. Home I Need Some Comforting Advice Posted by Timothy Allageri My dog has cushing disease but has not yet been tested and the Dr says that she s 99.99% positive that s what it is, but to what degree we won t know until the testing is done and the test alone will cost $200, she s 8yrs old, she s now blind and has high blood pressure and she just started taking BP medication, she s also bloated and I have been told that she can medicated to make her comfortable and actually feel a lot better and that would cost anywhere between $50-$100 a month and then 2 or 3wks later the doggie will have to be tested again to make sure she s on the correct dosage of medication and that would be another $200 and then there after she will have to be tested every 3mos to find out if her medication needs to be increased. Now the thing is I really can t afford all of these costs, I just got through fighting a stage 3 breast cancer and still awaiting surgeries and the whole cancer thing of course is never a planned thing, and my aunt that took care of me during my cancer battle just passed away yesterday from lung cancer which happen so so fast and this is really tearing me apart and now that my aunt isn t here anymore I am now taking care of grandma who is 90yrs old and with all of this going on I have been told that I should put my dog to sleep and i can t stop crying because of the loss of my aunt who in my eyes is and has been my angel and now to have to put my doggie down the day after the passing of my aunt, well it feels like my insides are just being torn apart! I don t know if my doggie is in pain and I guess putting her to sleep is the right thing to do, my doggie s life span was suppose to be about 15yrs and this is just putting me over the edge, i never thought i would fall so much in love with a dog. What kind of advice can you give me to help ease the pain By the way i have already tried to find some type of clinic to help people with low income but I haven t had any luck and I live in So. California. Related Posts Can You Assess My Health Hereditary/environmental Factors Why Dont People Agree With Insurance Coverage Of Birth Control Can You Help Me Out Without This Query To Do With A Possible Stroke Click here to get legal advice from local attorneys specializing in the area of law you need. Home Can A Baby Get Tubercolosis By Being Around With A Person Who Has It Posted by Timothy Allageri I have a 2 week old baby, I am planning to visit my great granpa who has tubercolosis,lung cancer and bone cancer. can my baby get sick if my granpa touches him, or talk to him or give him a kiss on his cheek . my baby will probably be around 1 and a half month when we visit them. Related Posts Can You Assess My Health Hereditary/environmental Factors Why Dont People Agree With Insurance Coverage Of Birth Control Can You Help Me Out Without This Query To Do With A Possible Stroke Click here to get legal advice from local attorneys specializing in the area of law you need. Home How Do I Go Get Some Cancer, I m Trying To Get Special Ed Classes Posted by Timothy Allageri hawt Related Posts Can You Assess My Health Hereditary/environmental Factors Why Dont People Agree With Insurance Coverage Of Birth Control Can You Help Me Out Without This Query To Do With A Possible Stroke Click here to get legal advice from local attorneys specializing in the area of law you need. Home South Carolina Complex Litigation Attorneys Posted by AfroArticles.com - Article Marketing Directory Health | Diseases | Cancer | Cancer Survival stromlaw1 asked Founded in 1996 by the former US Attorney for South Carolina, and current President of the South Carolina Association for Justice, J. Preston Pete Strom, Jr., of the Strom Law Firm, LLC is a leader in providing solutions to criminal law, personal injury, workers compensation and other complex legal problems. View the original here South Carolina Complex Litigation Attorneys Related Posts Breakthroughs Demonstrate Importance Of Targeted Therapies For Lung Cancer Biopsy In A Blood Test Effective New Diagnostic For Cancer Battling Lung Cancer With Combination Drug Therapy Click here to get legal advice from local attorneys specializing in the area of law you need. Home Older Posts Need Something Else Click below.... Best Fatburn Answers | Best Personal Injury Attorney | Christianity Teachings | Free eBooks Library | Free Marriage Help | Instant Abundance | Mental Success | Pick Up Women Guide | Power and Politics in America | Relationships Tips | Workplace Behavior | Best Paying Survey Sites | Asthma Cure Guide | Beginner Blues Guitar | Brighter Teeth | Best Dating Tips | Magnet4power | Micro Home Brewery | Choose Baby Gender | Cure Asthma Guide | Currency Trader Scam | Magnet4power Reviews | Tattoo Fever Reviews | People Search4free Reviews | Clickbank Explained | AnswersPlus.Info Reviews | Blues Guitar for Beginners | 6 Pack Abs Reviews | Cheap Airline Tickets Scam | Bad Breath Explained | How To Blog for Money | How To Fix Credit Explained | Dog Foods That Kill | Dominate Clickbank Reviews | DUI DWI Explained | Reduce Electric Bills Scam | Top Acne Solutions Exposed | Best Paying Online Surveys | Pick Up Hot Girls Today | 7 Minute Fat Loss Workout | Getting Started With Facebook | Facebook Advertising Explained | Free Health and Fitness Guide | Internet Products Closeout | Yahoo Answers Secrets Exposed | Repair Credit Fast and Easy | Getting Started with Squidoo | Craigslist Money Secrets | Free Website Traffic Exposed | Hub Pages Videos | Website Indexing Videos | Show Biz Memory Tricks | Metabolism Secrets to Weightloss | Self Esteem Secrets | Video Creation for Newbies | YouTube Marketing Exposed Categories About Mesothelioma Asbestos Cancer Mesothelioma Epithelioid Mesothelioma Malignant Mesothelioma Malignant Pleural Mesothelioma Mesothelioma Mesothelioma Article Mesothelioma Asbestos Mesothelioma Attorney Mesothelioma Attorneys Mesothelioma Cancer Mesothelioma Case Mesothelioma Cause Mesothelioma Chemotherapy Mesothelioma Claims Mesothelioma Diagnosis Mesothelioma Facts Mesothelioma Lawsuits Mesothelioma Lawyers Mesothelioma Litigation Mesothelioma Lung Cancer Mesothelioma Research Mesothelioma Resources Mesothelioma Settlement Mesothelioma Survival Mesothelioma Symptoms Mesothelioma Treatment Options Pericardial Mesothelioma Peritoneal Mesothelioma Top Q&A Uncategorized What Is Mesothelioma Privacy-FTC Notice-Disclaimer | Free Stuff | Subscribe to RSS Mesothelioma Expert Answers | Blog & Free Forum | Get Questions Answered . All Rights Reserved 2012 528 queries in 0.549 seconds')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01252', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Can You Assess My Health Hereditary/environmental Factors Posted by Timothy Allageri I m just wondering if you could evaluate how much my environment is affecting my health What I ve been experiencing short and long term cold like symptoms runny nose, sore throat long term arthritis in fingers long term hip and back pain long term- sport related My eyes are very bad- need very strong glasses- personally I think my senses of smell and taste are not very good either long term lightheadedness long term- I get black outs in my eyes and have fully passed out 3 times before My genetics My mother has systemic lupus, fibromyalgia, rosatia, and other health problems that I m not sure of My dad has severe joint problems- has had knee surgery and needs back surgery My gramma has Lung cancer lifetime smoker My environment I live with my mom and grandma- both are smokers- my gramma about a pack a day and my mom half a pack- I get a high exposure to second and third hand smoke My house has a black mold problem in the bathroom I get about 5 hours of sleep a night on school nights What I m asking is for a general assessment- what do you think I inherited What can I try to change to feel better/get better/prevent future health issues Related Posts Why Dont People Agree With Insurance Coverage Of Birth Control Can You Help Me Out Without This Query To Do With A Possible Stroke Click here to get legal advice from local attorneys specializing in the area of law you need. Home Why Dont People Agree With Insurance Coverage Of Birth Control Posted by Timothy Allageri You feel that you shouldnt pay for others sexual choices right Using that same logic, Why should I have to pay for lung cancer treatment of those patients who smoke Why should I have to pay for the coverage of viagra Like I said, the joy of having insurance is so that you have it for whatever you need it for. Thats why Im paying hundreds of dollars a month through my employer for insurance and some of that money is going towards treatments like i mentioned. by the way, it has been proven that a lack of sex between married couples will most likely result in cheating and divorce. Take a look at a married couple that dosent have sex and see how unhappy they look Related Posts Why Dont People Agree With Insurance Coverage Of Birth Control Can You Help Me Out Without This Query To Do With A Possible Stroke Click here to get legal advice from local attorneys specializing in the area of law you need. Home Can You Help Me Out Without This Query To Do With A Possible Stroke Posted by Timothy Allageri My mum had a funny turn and was taken to hospital a week ago. She had a CT head scan but no tumours or bleeding. She has had an MRI scan to see what brought on this funny turn. I don t think it was a stroke. She is talking, walking and eating and drinking normally but does not remember why she is in hospital. Can anybody medical on the Answers Community help me out I am scared she might have cancer even though she had a chest x-ray two months ago that was clear and RF ablation with cryosurgery/heat on a lung nodule 6mm which destroys cancer Related Posts Why Dont People Agree With Insurance Coverage Of Birth Control Can You Help Me Out Without This Query To Do With A Possible Stroke Click here to get legal advice from local attorneys specializing in the area of law you need. Home Education Vs. Intelligents Posted by Timothy Allageri Could you define these two words for me What exactly makes a person educated Experience in their field of work A or several college degrees Ect. Intelligence To be wise To think long-term To handle current situations with ease To get yourself in and out of a tight spot with ease To solve world hunger and cure cancer What does it mean to be intelligent And does a man need both to survive Or can one live by one or the other Related Posts Why Dont People Agree With Insurance Coverage Of Birth Control Can You Help Me Out Without This Query To Do With A Possible Stroke Click here to get legal advice from local attorneys specializing in the area of law you need. Home Will I Really Die From Sniffing Sharpies Posted by Timothy Allageri my mate said its dangerous but i didnt believe him. is it true i heard it causes hand trmors, dizzness, slurred speech, irratibility, confusion, hallucinations and delayed reactions. and lung cancer, deafness, blindness and death. is that real or just a story to stop people doing it and also- how long do the effects last Related Posts Why Dont People Agree With Insurance Coverage Of Birth Control Can You Help Me Out Without This Query To Do With A Possible Stroke Click here to get legal advice from local attorneys specializing in the area of law you need. Home Older Posts Need Something Else Click below.... Best Fatburn Answers | Best Personal Injury Attorney | Christianity Teachings | Free eBooks Library | Free Marriage Help | Instant Abundance | Mental Success | Pick Up Women Guide | Power and Politics in America | Relationships Tips | Workplace Behavior | Best Paying Survey Sites | Asthma Cure Guide | Beginner Blues Guitar | Brighter Teeth | Best Dating Tips | Magnet4power | Micro Home Brewery | Choose Baby Gender | Cure Asthma Guide | Currency Trader Scam | Magnet4power Reviews | Tattoo Fever Reviews | People Search4free Reviews | Clickbank Explained | AnswersPlus.Info Reviews | Blues Guitar for Beginners | 6 Pack Abs Reviews | Cheap Airline Tickets Scam | Bad Breath Explained | How To Blog for Money | How To Fix Credit Explained | Dog Foods That Kill | Dominate Clickbank Reviews | DUI DWI Explained | Reduce Electric Bills Scam | Top Acne Solutions Exposed | Best Paying Online Surveys | Pick Up Hot Girls Today | 7 Minute Fat Loss Workout | Getting Started With Facebook | Facebook Advertising Explained | Free Health and Fitness Guide | Internet Products Closeout | Yahoo Answers Secrets Exposed | Repair Credit Fast and Easy | Getting Started with Squidoo | Craigslist Money Secrets | Free Website Traffic Exposed | Hub Pages Videos | Website Indexing Videos | Show Biz Memory Tricks | Metabolism Secrets to Weightloss | Self Esteem Secrets | Video Creation for Newbies | YouTube Marketing Exposed Categories About Mesothelioma Asbestos Cancer Mesothelioma Epithelioid Mesothelioma Malignant Mesothelioma Malignant Pleural Mesothelioma Mesothelioma Mesothelioma Article Mesothelioma Asbestos Mesothelioma Attorney Mesothelioma Attorneys Mesothelioma Cancer Mesothelioma Case Mesothelioma Cause Mesothelioma Chemotherapy Mesothelioma Claims Mesothelioma Diagnosis Mesothelioma Facts Mesothelioma Lawsuits Mesothelioma Lawyers Mesothelioma Litigation Mesothelioma Lung Cancer Mesothelioma Research Mesothelioma Resources Mesothelioma Settlement Mesothelioma Survival Mesothelioma Symptoms Mesothelioma Treatment Options Pericardial Mesothelioma Peritoneal Mesothelioma Top Q&A Uncategorized What Is Mesothelioma Privacy-FTC Notice-Disclaimer | Free Stuff | Subscribe to RSS Mesothelioma Expert Answers | Blog & Free Forum | Get Questions Answered . All Rights Reserved 2012 522 queries in 0.445 seconds')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01253', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Feb 10 Can You Assess My Health Hereditary/environmental Factors Posted by Timothy Allageri I m just wondering if you could evaluate how much my environment is affecting my health What I ve been experiencing short and long term cold like symptoms runny nose, sore throat long term arthritis in fingers long term hip and back pain long term- sport related My eyes are very bad- need very strong glasses- personally I think my senses of smell and taste are not very good either long term lightheadedness long term- I get black outs in my eyes and have fully passed out 3 times before My genetics My mother has systemic lupus, fibromyalgia, rosatia, and other health problems that I m not sure of My dad has severe joint problems- has had knee surgery and needs back surgery My gramma has Lung cancer lifetime smoker My environment I live with my mom and grandma- both are smokers- my gramma about a pack a day and my mom half a pack- I get a high exposure to second and third hand smoke My house has a black mold problem in the bathroom I get about 5 hours of sleep a night on school nights What I m asking is for a general assessment- what do you think I inherited What can I try to change to feel better/get better/prevent future health issues Related Posts Why Dont People Agree With Insurance Coverage Of Birth Control Can You Help Me Out Without This Query To Do With A Possible Stroke Related posts Helppp Health Questionss Ten Questions Is Mould In Walls Toxic And Other Health And Safety Questions Would A Reproductive Clone Have The Same Health Problems As The Original Click here to get legal advice from local attorneys specializing in the area of law you need. Home Categories About Mesothelioma Asbestos Cancer Mesothelioma Epithelioid Mesothelioma Malignant Mesothelioma Malignant Pleural Mesothelioma Mesothelioma Mesothelioma Article Mesothelioma Asbestos Mesothelioma Attorney Mesothelioma Attorneys Mesothelioma Cancer Mesothelioma Case Mesothelioma Cause Mesothelioma Chemotherapy Mesothelioma Claims Mesothelioma Diagnosis Mesothelioma Facts Mesothelioma Lawsuits Mesothelioma Lawyers Mesothelioma Litigation Mesothelioma Lung Cancer Mesothelioma Research Mesothelioma Resources Mesothelioma Settlement Mesothelioma Survival Mesothelioma Symptoms Mesothelioma Treatment Options Pericardial Mesothelioma Peritoneal Mesothelioma Top Q&A Uncategorized What Is Mesothelioma Privacy-FTC Notice-Disclaimer | Free Stuff | Subscribe to RSS Mesothelioma Expert Answers | Blog & Free Forum | Get Questions Answered . All Rights Reserved 2012 519 queries in 0.361 seconds')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01254', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Feb 10 Can You Help Me Out Without This Query To Do With A Possible Stroke Posted by Timothy Allageri My mum had a funny turn and was taken to hospital a week ago. She had a CT head scan but no tumours or bleeding. She has had an MRI scan to see what brought on this funny turn. I don t think it was a stroke. She is talking, walking and eating and drinking normally but does not remember why she is in hospital. Can anybody medical on the Answers Community help me out I am scared she might have cancer even though she had a chest x-ray two months ago that was clear and RF ablation with cryosurgery/heat on a lung nodule 6mm which destroys cancer Related Posts Can You Assess My Health Hereditary/environmental Factors Why Dont People Agree With Insurance Coverage Of Birth Control Related posts Did This Breast Cancer Diagnosis Go Wrong Who Has Seen The Movie 50/50 My Sis Has Cervical Cancer Has Had It For Over A Year And Wont Get Help Click here to get legal advice from local attorneys specializing in the area of law you need. Home Categories About Mesothelioma Asbestos Cancer Mesothelioma Epithelioid Mesothelioma Malignant Mesothelioma Malignant Pleural Mesothelioma Mesothelioma Mesothelioma Article Mesothelioma Asbestos Mesothelioma Attorney Mesothelioma Attorneys Mesothelioma Cancer Mesothelioma Case Mesothelioma Cause Mesothelioma Chemotherapy Mesothelioma Claims Mesothelioma Diagnosis Mesothelioma Facts Mesothelioma Lawsuits Mesothelioma Lawyers Mesothelioma Litigation Mesothelioma Lung Cancer Mesothelioma Research Mesothelioma Resources Mesothelioma Settlement Mesothelioma Survival Mesothelioma Symptoms Mesothelioma Treatment Options Pericardial Mesothelioma Peritoneal Mesothelioma Top Q&A Uncategorized What Is Mesothelioma Privacy-FTC Notice-Disclaimer | Free Stuff | Subscribe to RSS Mesothelioma Expert Answers | Blog & Free Forum | Get Questions Answered . All Rights Reserved 2012 519 queries in 0.309 seconds')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01255', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Feb 10 Can You Help Me Out Without This Query To Do With A Possible Stroke Posted by Timothy Allageri My mum had a funny turn and was taken to hospital a week ago. She had a CT head scan but no tumours or bleeding. She has had an MRI scan to see what brought on this funny turn. I don t think it was a stroke. She is talking, walking and eating and drinking normally but does not remember why she is in hospital. Can anybody medical on the Answers Community help me out I am scared she might have cancer even though she had a chest x-ray two months ago that was clear and RF ablation with cryosurgery/heat on a lung nodule 6mm which destroys cancer Related Posts Can You Assess My Health Hereditary/environmental Factors Why Dont People Agree With Insurance Coverage Of Birth Control Related posts Did This Breast Cancer Diagnosis Go Wrong Who Has Seen The Movie 50/50 My Sis Has Cervical Cancer Has Had It For Over A Year And Wont Get Help Click here to get legal advice from local attorneys specializing in the area of law you need. Home Categories About Mesothelioma Asbestos Cancer Mesothelioma Epithelioid Mesothelioma Malignant Mesothelioma Malignant Pleural Mesothelioma Mesothelioma Mesothelioma Article Mesothelioma Asbestos Mesothelioma Attorney Mesothelioma Attorneys Mesothelioma Cancer Mesothelioma Case Mesothelioma Cause Mesothelioma Chemotherapy Mesothelioma Claims Mesothelioma Diagnosis Mesothelioma Facts Mesothelioma Lawsuits Mesothelioma Lawyers Mesothelioma Litigation Mesothelioma Lung Cancer Mesothelioma Research Mesothelioma Resources Mesothelioma Settlement Mesothelioma Survival Mesothelioma Symptoms Mesothelioma Treatment Options Pericardial Mesothelioma Peritoneal Mesothelioma Top Q&A Uncategorized What Is Mesothelioma Privacy-FTC Notice-Disclaimer | Free Stuff | Subscribe to RSS Mesothelioma Expert Answers | Blog & Free Forum | Get Questions Answered . All Rights Reserved 2012 519 queries in 0.751 seconds')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01256', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Feb 10 Education Vs. Intelligents Posted by Timothy Allageri Could you define these two words for me What exactly makes a person educated Experience in their field of work A or several college degrees Ect. Intelligence To be wise To think long-term To handle current situations with ease To get yourself in and out of a tight spot with ease To solve world hunger and cure cancer What does it mean to be intelligent And does a man need both to survive Or can one live by one or the other Related Posts Can You Assess My Health Hereditary/environmental Factors Why Dont People Agree With Insurance Coverage Of Birth Control Can You Help Me Out Without This Query To Do With A Possible Stroke Related posts Did Herman Cain Cure His Colon Cancer With Transfer Factor Plus Mum Has Stage 4 Inflammatory Breast Cancer Need Answers Lung Cancer Stage 4 I Need Help Asap Click here to get legal advice from local attorneys specializing in the area of law you need. Home Categories About Mesothelioma Asbestos Cancer Mesothelioma Epithelioid Mesothelioma Malignant Mesothelioma Malignant Pleural Mesothelioma Mesothelioma Mesothelioma Article Mesothelioma Asbestos Mesothelioma Attorney Mesothelioma Attorneys Mesothelioma Cancer Mesothelioma Case Mesothelioma Cause Mesothelioma Chemotherapy Mesothelioma Claims Mesothelioma Diagnosis Mesothelioma Facts Mesothelioma Lawsuits Mesothelioma Lawyers Mesothelioma Litigation Mesothelioma Lung Cancer Mesothelioma Research Mesothelioma Resources Mesothelioma Settlement Mesothelioma Survival Mesothelioma Symptoms Mesothelioma Treatment Options Pericardial Mesothelioma Peritoneal Mesothelioma Top Q&A Uncategorized What Is Mesothelioma Privacy-FTC Notice-Disclaimer | Free Stuff | Subscribe to RSS Mesothelioma Expert Answers | Blog & Free Forum | Get Questions Answered . All Rights Reserved 2012 519 queries in 0.398 seconds')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01257', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Feb 10 Why Dont People Agree With Insurance Coverage Of Birth Control Posted by Timothy Allageri You feel that you shouldnt pay for others sexual choices right Using that same logic, Why should I have to pay for lung cancer treatment of those patients who smoke Why should I have to pay for the coverage of viagra Like I said, the joy of having insurance is so that you have it for whatever you need it for. Thats why Im paying hundreds of dollars a month through my employer for insurance and some of that money is going towards treatments like i mentioned. by the way, it has been proven that a lack of sex between married couples will most likely result in cheating and divorce. Take a look at a married couple that dosent have sex and see how unhappy they look Related Posts Can You Assess My Health Hereditary/environmental Factors Can You Help Me Out Without This Query To Do With A Possible Stroke Related posts How Can I Help My Friend With Her Insurance Issue Regarding Breast Cancer I Control People, How Do I Stop Mom Might Have Lung Cancer, But No Insurance Click here to get legal advice from local attorneys specializing in the area of law you need. Home Categories About Mesothelioma Asbestos Cancer Mesothelioma Epithelioid Mesothelioma Malignant Mesothelioma Malignant Pleural Mesothelioma Mesothelioma Mesothelioma Article Mesothelioma Asbestos Mesothelioma Attorney Mesothelioma Attorneys Mesothelioma Cancer Mesothelioma Case Mesothelioma Cause Mesothelioma Chemotherapy Mesothelioma Claims Mesothelioma Diagnosis Mesothelioma Facts Mesothelioma Lawsuits Mesothelioma Lawyers Mesothelioma Litigation Mesothelioma Lung Cancer Mesothelioma Research Mesothelioma Resources Mesothelioma Settlement Mesothelioma Survival Mesothelioma Symptoms Mesothelioma Treatment Options Pericardial Mesothelioma Peritoneal Mesothelioma Top Q&A Uncategorized What Is Mesothelioma Privacy-FTC Notice-Disclaimer | Free Stuff | Subscribe to RSS Mesothelioma Expert Answers | Blog & Free Forum | Get Questions Answered . All Rights Reserved 2012 519 queries in 0.404 seconds')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01258', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Feb 10 Will I Really Die From Sniffing Sharpies Posted by Timothy Allageri my mate said its dangerous but i didnt believe him. is it true i heard it causes hand trmors, dizzness, slurred speech, irratibility, confusion, hallucinations and delayed reactions. and lung cancer, deafness, blindness and death. is that real or just a story to stop people doing it and also- how long do the effects last Related Posts Can You Assess My Health Hereditary/environmental Factors Why Dont People Agree With Insurance Coverage Of Birth Control Can You Help Me Out Without This Query To Do With A Possible Stroke Related posts How Can You Tell When Someone Is About To Die From Lung Cancer I Had A Horrible Nightmare Last Night That I Was Going To Die Is It True Does Sharpies Cause You To Have Brain Damage/cancer If You Draw With Them A Lot Click here to get legal advice from local attorneys specializing in the area of law you need. Home Categories About Mesothelioma Asbestos Cancer Mesothelioma Epithelioid Mesothelioma Malignant Mesothelioma Malignant Pleural Mesothelioma Mesothelioma Mesothelioma Article Mesothelioma Asbestos Mesothelioma Attorney Mesothelioma Attorneys Mesothelioma Cancer Mesothelioma Case Mesothelioma Cause Mesothelioma Chemotherapy Mesothelioma Claims Mesothelioma Diagnosis Mesothelioma Facts Mesothelioma Lawsuits Mesothelioma Lawyers Mesothelioma Litigation Mesothelioma Lung Cancer Mesothelioma Research Mesothelioma Resources Mesothelioma Settlement Mesothelioma Survival Mesothelioma Symptoms Mesothelioma Treatment Options Pericardial Mesothelioma Peritoneal Mesothelioma Top Q&A Uncategorized What Is Mesothelioma Privacy-FTC Notice-Disclaimer | Free Stuff | Subscribe to RSS Mesothelioma Expert Answers | Blog & Free Forum | Get Questions Answered . All Rights Reserved 2012 519 queries in 0.516 seconds')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01260', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"> Jump to Topic "political Polls" 14 "politics In United States" 4 "politics United States" 8 "power And Politics In United States" 3 "power Politics America" 1 "right Wing Politics" 1 "tea Party Politics" 12 "U.S. Congress" 21 "White House" 37 Congress 613 constitution 115 Democrats 247 government 585 Obama 1235 Obama healthcare 8 Obamacare 42 politics 3517 Politics Watchdogs 3756 Republicans 652 > Plagiarism Checker Terms of Use About Contact Us Free Stuff FTC Notice Privacy Obama Chess Master or Pawn in Over His Head JFK, Monster After Wins, Santorum Now Eyeing Michigan Upset Byron York, Examiner Thursday was just the second time Rick Santorum\'s campaign has ever raised more than a million dollars in a single day. The first was Wednesday, right after Santorum swept GOP contests in Minnesota, Colorado and Missouri. See the original article here After Wins, Santorum Now Eyeing Michigan Upset Home Related Posts Sacking of Baghdad and End of Caliphate Guilt by "Socialism" What Was Romney Thinking This entry was posted on Friday, February 10th, 2012 at 9 30 am and is filed under politics , Politics Watchdogs . You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed. You can skip to the end and leave a response. Pinging is currently not allowed. Edited by J.V. DeSantis | All Rights Reserved 2012 515 queries in 0.532 seconds')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01261', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"> Jump to Topic "political Polls" 14 "politics In United States" 4 "politics United States" 8 "power And Politics In United States" 3 "power Politics America" 1 "right Wing Politics" 1 "tea Party Politics" 12 "U.S. Congress" 21 "White House" 37 Congress 613 constitution 115 Democrats 247 government 585 Obama 1235 Obama healthcare 8 Obamacare 42 politics 3517 Politics Watchdogs 3756 Republicans 652 > Plagiarism Checker Terms of Use About Contact Us Free Stuff FTC Notice Privacy Santorum donor Friess to make star turn in DC Obama shift on birth control seeks to placate Catholics Another Victory for Marriage Equality See original article Another Victory for Marriage Equality Home Related Posts Sacking of Baghdad and End of Caliphate Guilt by "Socialism" What Was Romney Thinking This entry was posted on Friday, February 10th, 2012 at 11 25 am and is filed under politics , Politics Watchdogs . You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed. You can skip to the end and leave a response. Pinging is currently not allowed. Edited by J.V. DeSantis | All Rights Reserved 2012 515 queries in 0.554 seconds')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01262', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"> Jump to Topic "political Polls" 14 "politics In United States" 4 "politics United States" 8 "power And Politics In United States" 3 "power Politics America" 1 "right Wing Politics" 1 "tea Party Politics" 12 "U.S. Congress" 21 "White House" 37 Congress 613 constitution 115 Democrats 247 government 585 Obama 1235 Obama healthcare 8 Obamacare 42 politics 3517 Politics Watchdogs 3756 Republicans 652 > Plagiarism Checker Terms of Use About Contact Us Free Stuff FTC Notice Privacy Santorum donor Friess to make star turn in DC Obama shift on birth control seeks to placate Catholics Another Victory for Marriage Equality See original article Another Victory for Marriage Equality Home Related Posts Sacking of Baghdad and End of Caliphate Guilt by "Socialism" What Was Romney Thinking This entry was posted on Friday, February 10th, 2012 at 11 25 am and is filed under politics , Politics Watchdogs . You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed. You can skip to the end and leave a response. Pinging is currently not allowed. Edited by J.V. DeSantis | All Rights Reserved 2012 515 queries in 0.751 seconds')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01263', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"> Jump to Topic "political Polls" 14 "politics In United States" 4 "politics United States" 8 "power And Politics In United States" 3 "power Politics America" 1 "right Wing Politics" 1 "tea Party Politics" 12 "U.S. Congress" 21 "White House" 37 Congress 613 constitution 115 Democrats 247 government 585 Obama 1235 Obama healthcare 8 Obamacare 42 politics 3517 Politics Watchdogs 3756 Republicans 652 > Plagiarism Checker Terms of Use About Contact Us Free Stuff FTC Notice Privacy After Wins, Santorum Now Eyeing Michigan Upset Why They Wept for Hitchens JFK, Monster Timothy Noah, The New Republic I knew that John F. Kennedy was a compulsive, even pathological adulterer, given to taking outlandish risks after he entered the White House. I knew he treated women like whores Original post JFK, Monster Home Related Posts Sacking of Baghdad and End of Caliphate Guilt by "Socialism" What Was Romney Thinking This entry was posted on Friday, February 10th, 2012 at 9 30 am and is filed under politics , Politics Watchdogs . You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed. You can skip to the end and leave a response. Pinging is currently not allowed. Edited by J.V. DeSantis | All Rights Reserved 2012 515 queries in 0.643 seconds')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01264', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"> Jump to Topic "political Polls" 14 "politics In United States" 4 "politics United States" 8 "power And Politics In United States" 3 "power Politics America" 1 "right Wing Politics" 1 "tea Party Politics" 12 "U.S. Congress" 21 "White House" 37 Congress 613 constitution 115 Democrats 247 government 585 Obama 1235 Obama healthcare 8 Obamacare 42 politics 3517 Politics Watchdogs 3756 Republicans 652 > Plagiarism Checker Terms of Use About Contact Us Free Stuff FTC Notice Privacy Why They Wept for Hitchens "Occupy" Movement Fading Out in a Whimper Obama Overreaches, Again Read more here Obama Overreaches, Again Home Related Posts Sacking of Baghdad and End of Caliphate Guilt by "Socialism" What Was Romney Thinking This entry was posted on Friday, February 10th, 2012 at 9 30 am and is filed under politics , Politics Watchdogs . You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed. You can skip to the end and leave a response. Pinging is currently not allowed. Edited by J.V. DeSantis | All Rights Reserved 2012 515 queries in 1.349 seconds')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01265', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"> Jump to Topic "political Polls" 14 "politics In United States" 4 "politics United States" 8 "power And Politics In United States" 3 "power Politics America" 1 "right Wing Politics" 1 "tea Party Politics" 12 "U.S. Congress" 21 "White House" 37 Congress 613 constitution 115 Democrats 247 government 585 Obama 1235 Obama healthcare 8 Obamacare 42 politics 3517 Politics Watchdogs 3756 Republicans 652 > Plagiarism Checker Terms of Use About Contact Us Free Stuff FTC Notice Privacy Another Victory for Marriage Equality Santorum takes on Romney before conservatives Obama shift on birth control seeks to placate Catholics Reuters President Barack Obama, in an abrupt policy shift aimed at quelling an election-year firestorm, announced on Friday that religious employers would not be required to offer free birth control to workers and that the onus would instead be put on insurers. See the original article here Obama shift on birth control seeks to placate Catholics Home Related Posts What Was Romney Thinking Romney Still Looks Like the Front-Runner Obama budget to forecast $901 billion deficit in 2013 This entry was posted on Friday, February 10th, 2012 at 1 18 pm and is filed under government , Obama , politics , Politics Watchdogs , Republicans . You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed. You can skip to the end and leave a response. Pinging is currently not allowed. Edited by J.V. DeSantis | All Rights Reserved 2012 515 queries in 0.518 seconds')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01266', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"> Jump to Topic "political Polls" 14 "politics In United States" 4 "politics United States" 8 "power And Politics In United States" 3 "power Politics America" 1 "right Wing Politics" 1 "tea Party Politics" 12 "U.S. Congress" 21 "White House" 37 Congress 613 constitution 115 Democrats 247 government 585 Obama 1235 Obama healthcare 8 Obamacare 42 politics 3517 Politics Watchdogs 3756 Republicans 652 > Plagiarism Checker Terms of Use About Contact Us Free Stuff FTC Notice Privacy Obama Overreaches, Again Does Govt Bear Some Blame for Housing Mess "Occupy" Movement Fading Out in a Whimper See more here "Occupy" Movement Fading Out in a Whimper Home Related Posts Sacking of Baghdad and End of Caliphate Guilt by "Socialism" What Was Romney Thinking This entry was posted on Friday, February 10th, 2012 at 9 31 am and is filed under politics , Politics Watchdogs . You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed. You can skip to the end and leave a response. Pinging is currently not allowed. Edited by J.V. DeSantis | All Rights Reserved 2012 515 queries in 0.715 seconds')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01267', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"> Jump to Topic "political Polls" 14 "politics In United States" 4 "politics United States" 8 "power And Politics In United States" 3 "power Politics America" 1 "right Wing Politics" 1 "tea Party Politics" 12 "U.S. Congress" 21 "White House" 37 Congress 613 constitution 115 Democrats 247 government 585 Obama 1235 Obama healthcare 8 Obamacare 42 politics 3517 Politics Watchdogs 3756 Republicans 652 > Plagiarism Checker Terms of Use About Contact Us Free Stuff FTC Notice Privacy White House announces compromise on birth control Another Victory for Marriage Equality Santorum donor Friess to make star turn in DC WASHINGTON Reuters Foster Friess, the wealthy investor who is fueling Rick Santorum s presidential campaign, is enjoying his new-found fame. Read More Santorum donor Friess to make star turn in DC Home Related Posts What Was Romney Thinking Romney Still Looks Like the Front-Runner Obama budget to forecast $901 billion deficit in 2013 This entry was posted on Friday, February 10th, 2012 at 11 24 am and is filed under government , Obama , politics , Politics Watchdogs , Republicans . You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed. You can skip to the end and leave a response. Pinging is currently not allowed. Edited by J.V. DeSantis | All Rights Reserved 2012 515 queries in 0.388 seconds')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01268', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"> Jump to Topic "political Polls" 14 "politics In United States" 4 "politics United States" 8 "power And Politics In United States" 3 "power Politics America" 1 "right Wing Politics" 1 "tea Party Politics" 12 "U.S. Congress" 21 "White House" 37 Congress 613 constitution 115 Democrats 247 government 585 Obama 1235 Obama healthcare 8 Obamacare 42 politics 3517 Politics Watchdogs 3756 Republicans 652 > Plagiarism Checker Terms of Use About Contact Us Free Stuff FTC Notice Privacy Obama shift on birth control seeks to placate Catholics Obama seeks $308 million budget for CFTC Santorum takes on Romney before conservatives WASHINGTON Reuters Rick Santorum tried to raise doubts about the electability of Mitt Romney on Friday at a conservative gathering where he openly attacked his chief rival for the Republican presidential nomination. Continue reading here Santorum takes on Romney before conservatives Home Related Posts What Was Romney Thinking Romney Still Looks Like the Front-Runner Obama budget to forecast $901 billion deficit in 2013 This entry was posted on Friday, February 10th, 2012 at 1 18 pm and is filed under government , Obama , Obamacare , politics , Politics Watchdogs , Republicans . You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed. You can skip to the end and leave a response. Pinging is currently not allowed. Edited by J.V. DeSantis | All Rights Reserved 2012 515 queries in 1.125 seconds')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01269', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"> Jump to Topic "political Polls" 14 "politics In United States" 4 "politics United States" 8 "power And Politics In United States" 3 "power Politics America" 1 "right Wing Politics" 1 "tea Party Politics" 12 "U.S. Congress" 21 "White House" 37 Congress 613 constitution 115 Democrats 247 government 585 Obama 1235 Obama healthcare 8 Obamacare 42 politics 3517 Politics Watchdogs 3756 Republicans 652 > Plagiarism Checker Terms of Use About Contact Us Free Stuff FTC Notice Privacy The Long Road to Damascus Santorum donor Friess to make star turn in DC White House announces compromise on birth control WASHINGTON Reuters The White House announced a compromise on birth control coverage on Friday to respond to religious groups objections, saying it would shift the costs of providing contraceptives to health insurers when religious employers object to it. See more here White House announces compromise on birth control Home Related Posts Sacking of Baghdad and End of Caliphate Guilt by "Socialism" What Was Romney Thinking This entry was posted on Friday, February 10th, 2012 at 11 24 am and is filed under politics , Politics Watchdogs . You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed. You can skip to the end and leave a response. Pinging is currently not allowed. Edited by J.V. DeSantis | All Rights Reserved 2012 515 queries in 0.334 seconds')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01270', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"> Jump to Topic "political Polls" 14 "politics In United States" 4 "politics United States" 8 "power And Politics In United States" 3 "power Politics America" 1 "right Wing Politics" 1 "tea Party Politics" 12 "U.S. Congress" 21 "White House" 37 Congress 613 constitution 115 Democrats 247 government 585 Obama 1235 Obama healthcare 8 Obamacare 42 politics 3517 Politics Watchdogs 3756 Republicans 652 > Plagiarism Checker Terms of Use About Contact Us Free Stuff FTC Notice Privacy JFK, Monster Obama Overreaches, Again Why They Wept for Hitchens Andrew Ferguson, Commentary One night, nearly 25 years ago, I was talking with Christopher Hitchens at a cocktail party that this statement could be construed as name-dropping is actually the subject of this column, so please read on when we were interrupted by the actor Richard Dreyfuss. Hitchens, then serving the Nation magazine as its Washington columnist, stood expressionless as Dreyfuss uncorked the most lavish praise for something he had recently written, and then for his entire body of work, and, indeed, for his very existence, considering the example he set for every person of conscience on Read More Why They Wept for Hitchens Home Related Posts Sacking of Baghdad and End of Caliphate Guilt by "Socialism" What Was Romney Thinking This entry was posted on Friday, February 10th, 2012 at 9 30 am and is filed under politics , Politics Watchdogs . You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed. You can skip to the end and leave a response. Pinging is currently not allowed. Edited by J.V. DeSantis | All Rights Reserved 2012 515 queries in 0.341 seconds')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01271', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"> Jump to Topic "political Polls" 14 "politics In United States" 4 "politics United States" 8 "power And Politics In United States" 3 "power Politics America" 1 "right Wing Politics" 1 "tea Party Politics" 12 "U.S. Congress" 21 "White House" 37 Congress 613 constitution 115 Democrats 247 government 585 Obama 1235 Obama healthcare 8 Obamacare 42 politics 3517 Politics Watchdogs 3756 Republicans 652 > Plagiarism Checker Terms of Use About Contact Us Free Stuff FTC Notice Privacy JFK, Monster Obama Overreaches, Again Why They Wept for Hitchens Andrew Ferguson, Commentary One night, nearly 25 years ago, I was talking with Christopher Hitchens at a cocktail party that this statement could be construed as name-dropping is actually the subject of this column, so please read on when we were interrupted by the actor Richard Dreyfuss. Hitchens, then serving the Nation magazine as its Washington columnist, stood expressionless as Dreyfuss uncorked the most lavish praise for something he had recently written, and then for his entire body of work, and, indeed, for his very existence, considering the example he set for every person of conscience on Read More Why They Wept for Hitchens Home Related Posts Sacking of Baghdad and End of Caliphate Guilt by "Socialism" What Was Romney Thinking This entry was posted on Friday, February 10th, 2012 at 9 30 am and is filed under politics , Politics Watchdogs . You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed. You can skip to the end and leave a response. Pinging is currently not allowed. Edited by J.V. DeSantis | All Rights Reserved 2012 515 queries in 0.620 seconds')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01273', 'id "ie6" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01274', 'id "ie6" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01275', 'id "ie6" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01276', 'id "ie6" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01277', 'id "ie6" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01278', 'id "ie6" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01279', 'id "ie6" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01280', 'id "ie6" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01281', 'id "ie6" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01283', 'id "ie6" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01284', 'id "ie6" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01285', 'id "ie6" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01286', 'id "ie6" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01287', 'id "ie6" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01288', 'id "ie6" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01289', 'id "ie6" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01290', 'id "ie6" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01292', 'id "ie6" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01293', 'id "ie6" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01294', 'id "ie6" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01295', 'id "ie6" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01296', 'id "ie6" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01297', 'id "ie6" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01298', 'id "ie6" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01299', 'id "ie6" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01300', 'id "ie6" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01302', 'id "ie6" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01303', 'id "ie6" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01304', 'id "ie6" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01305', 'id "ie6" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01306', 'id "ie6" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01307', 'id "ie6" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01308', 'id "ie6" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01309', 'id "ie6" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01310', 'id "ie6" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01311', 'id "ie6" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01313', 'id "ie6" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01314', 'id "ie6" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01315', 'id "ie6" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01316', 'id "ie6" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01317', 'id "ie6" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01318', 'id "ie6" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01319', 'id "ie6" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01320', 'id "ie6" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01322', 'id "ie6" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01323', 'id "ie6" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01324', 'id "ie6" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01325', 'id "ie6" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01326', 'id "ie6" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01327', 'id "ie6" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01328', 'id "ie6" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01329', 'id "ie6" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01331', 'id "ie6" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01332', 'id "ie6" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01333', 'id "ie6" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01334', 'id "ie6" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01335', 'id "ie6" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01336', 'id "ie6" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01337', 'id "ie6" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01338', 'id "ie6" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01340', 'id "ie6" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01341', 'id "ie6" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01342', 'id "ie6" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01343', 'id "ie6" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01344', 'id "ie6" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01345', 'id "ie6" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01346', 'id "ie6" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01347', 'id "ie6" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01348', 'id "ie6" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01350', 'id "ie6" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01351', 'id "ie6" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01352', 'id "ie6" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01353', 'id "ie6" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01354', 'id "ie6" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01355', 'id "ie6" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01356', 'id "ie6" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01357', 'id "ie6" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01358', 'id "ie6" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01360', 'id "ie6" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01361', 'id "ie6" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01362', 'id "ie6" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01363', 'id "ie6" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01364', 'id "ie6" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01365', 'id "ie6" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01366', 'id "ie6" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01367', 'id "ie6" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01369', 'id "ie6" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01370', 'id "ie6" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01371', 'id "ie6" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01372', 'id "ie6" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01373', 'id "ie6" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01374', 'id "ie6" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01375', 'id "ie6" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01376', 'id "ie6" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01377', 'id "ie6" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01378', 'id "ie6" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01380', 'id "ie6" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01381', 'id "ie6" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01382', 'id "ie6" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01383', 'id "ie6" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01384', 'id "ie6" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01385', 'id "ie6" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01386', 'id "ie6" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01387', 'id "ie6" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01389', 'id "ie6" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01390', 'id "ie6" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01391', 'id "ie6" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01392', 'id "ie6" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01393', 'id "ie6" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01394', 'id "ie6" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01395', 'id "ie6" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01396', 'id "ie6" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01397', 'id "ie6" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01399', 'id "ie6" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01400', 'id "ie6" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01401', 'id "ie6" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01402', 'id "ie6" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01403', 'id "ie6" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01404', 'id "ie6" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01405', 'id "ie6" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01406', 'id "ie6" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01407', 'id "ie6" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01409', 'id "ie6" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01410', 'id "ie6" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01411', 'id "ie6" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01412', 'id "ie6" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01413', 'id "ie6" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01414', 'id "ie6" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01416', 'id "ie6" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01417', 'id "ie6" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01418', 'id "ie6" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01419', 'id "ie6" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01420', 'id "ie6" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01421', 'id "ie6" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01423', 'id "ie6" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01424', 'id "ie6" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01425', 'id "ie6" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01426', 'id "ie6" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01427', 'id "ie6" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01428', 'id "ie6" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01429', 'id "ie6" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01430', 'id "ie6" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01432', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US"> Online Facebook Classes Strategy Chart Crash Course Small Business Resources Browse Courses Facebook Courses Developing an Effective Business Facebook Page Customizing an Existing Facebook Page Marketing Your Business on Facebook Slideshare 101 Twitter 101 WordPress 101 YouTube 101 Unlimited Class Pass Mastermind Consulting About About Us Disclosure Media Room Students Virtual Office Tutorials Blog Blog Marketing Email Marketing Facebook Marketing How-To Social Media for Small Business Social Media Minute Videos Twitter Marketing YouTube Marketing Twitter 101 Marketing Your Business on Twitter Twitter is the easiest social network to use for marketing your business. Ever feel like you need a Twitter dictionary to decipher all the terms people use on it How do you make your brand stand out in only 140 characters In Twitter 101, you ll learn how to Create a Twitter name and profile that get attention and followers from the start What makes Twitter great for business Learn Twitter etiquette How to fit everything in 140 chars Recommend others tweets Make your content easy to find among the 200 million tweets sent out daily Organize conversations on Twitter Feed Twitter to your blog, Facebook, and website Get publicity for your event by incorporating Twitter Do market research using Twitter Market your business on Twitter and increase revenues Network with colleagues on Twitter and more! Instructor Maria Peagler is founder of SocialMediaOnlineClasses.com, a serial entrepreneur, and a Benjamin Franklin award-winner for a Best Book of 2010. She drove sales of her eighth book exclusively with social media, and kept it in Amazon s top ten list for its category for two years even in a down economy. Maria is a veteran technology trainer who specializes in making the complex simple, and she will guide you, step-by-step, in building a Facebook page for your small business. Maria is your mentor through the course, online everyday, and immediately available to students during Virtual Office Hours. Twitter 101 $110.00 Four weekly lessons & assignments, community forum, virtual office hours, & 60-day class access Courses in Your Cart You haven\\\'t purchased any courses yet. Visit The Shop Why Choose Us Search Here Classes Consulting Bundled Deals Facebook 101 Develop an Effective Facebook Page Facebook 102 Customize Your Facebook Page Facebook 103 Market Your Business on Facebook Slideshare 101 Drive Sales Using Presentations Twitter 101 Market Your Business in Tweets WordPress 101 Start Your Business Blog Today YouTube 101 Create Your Own Business Videos Social Media Strategy Customized for Your Business Content Planning Position Yourself as an Expert Brand Dashboard Monitor Essential Conversations Analytics Scorecard Measure True Results That Matter Mastermind Bundle ALL Four Consulting Sessions Platinum Bundle All classes & consulting sessions Student Log In You are not currently logged in. Username Password Remember Me Lost your Password Connect with Me Get Posts via Email Subscribe to Social Media Online Classes by Email Join Us on Facebook Our Latest Articles Facebook Page Makeover to Celebrate Reaching 500 Fans LinkedIn Webinar with Barbara Giamanco INFOGRAPHIC Bonus 64 Ways to Drive Sales with Slideshare How Can I Help You in 2012 Content Strategy Where Do I Get It All Our 24/7 Online Classes Facebook 101 Developing a Facebook Page for Your Business Facebook 102 Customizing an Existing Facebook Page Facebook 103 Marketing Your Business on Facebook Twitter 101 Marketing Your Business on Twitter WordPress 101 Beginning Blogging with WordPress YouTube 101 Creating YouTube Videos for Your Business Unlimited Class Pass Mastermind Consulting Testimonials "The Facebook class series gave me ideas and practical how-to\'s that increased our fans by 300% in just a few weeks." Stacy G., NGAtops Mobile App "I love Facebook class series. I plan to take them all!" Deanne E., Snuggles Quilt Pattern Co. "Slowly, but surely, FB101 helped me build a Facebook page I can be proud of!" Madge Z., Quilt Designer Tweet Tweet Contact Maria 770.891.2852 o 706-268-1363 f maria@socialmediaonlineclasses.com Maria Peagler, All Rights Reserved. Developed by AddOnPark . Get instant access to our FREE 6-day Social Media Strategy course Email First Name Required Field Close Get instant access to our FREE 6-day Social Media Strategy course I can tell you\'re serious about marketing your small business using social media, and I\'d love to help get you started. Enter your email and I\'ll IMMEDIATELY send you our social media strategy chart, a 6-day course on how to develop your unique strategy, and a special bonus that\'s helped thousands of entrepreneurs promote their ventures using social media. I promise to keep your email private. I don\'t like SPAM either. Email First Name Required Field')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01434', 'dir "ltr" lang "en-US" xmlns fb "http //www.facebook.com/2008/fbml" xmlns addthis "http //www.addthis.com/help/api-spec" > DVAU Delaware Valley Americans United About Connect Donate Presentations Events Links President s Message You are here Home Special Event! DVAU/Philly Katherine Stewart, author, The Good News Club March 29, 2012 By Janice Rael on January 26, 2012 The March 2012 meeting of Delaware Valley Americans United chapter s Philadelphia Committee will take place on Thursday March 29th at 7pm in the Skyline Room on the 4th floor of the Parkway Central Library in Philadelphia PA, at 1901 Vine Street between 19th and 20th Streets on the Parkway . THE GOOD NEWS CLUB The Christian Posted in Events , Meetup | Leave a response Skeptical Inquiry My Letter to State Representives in Response to PA HR 535 of Sesson 2012 By Janice Rael on February 10, 2012 A letter to Pennsylvania Legislators in objection to House Resolution HR 535, the Year of the Bible resolution. Letter reprinted with permission by the author. Click through the link to read the entire letter, then contact your own representatives to share your views! To Representative Lawrence Curry, Senator Vincent Hughes, and Congresswoman Allyson Schwartz; I Posted in News | Tagged HR 535 , PA , Year of the Bible | Leave a response Year Of The Bible Pennsylvania House Urges Faith In God Through Holy Scripture By Ed Joyce on February 6, 2012 Earlier this week, the House of Representatives approved H.R. 535, a nonbinding resolution designating 2012 the Year of the Bible. Introduced by Rep. Rick Saccone R Elizabeth Township and 36 other legislators, the measure insists that biblical teachings inspired concepts of civil government that are contained in our Declaration of Independence and the Constitution of the Posted in News , President\'s Post | Tagged HR 535 , PA , Year of the Bible | Leave a response DVAU Clergy Advisory Board First Meeting Tues Feb 21 2012 By Ed Joyce on February 6, 2012 Greetings, I m very proud to announce the first meeting of the Clergy Advisory board will be Tuesday, February 21, 6 00 pm at the Ethical Society Building located at 1906 Rittenhouse Square in Philadelphia. The goal of this meeting is to develop a working partnership between the local religious community and the Delaware Valley Chapter of Posted in Events , News | Leave a response DVAU/Philly Casual Discussion Meetup February Dinner & Movie Feb 9 2012 By Janice Rael on January 26, 2012 The Delaware Valley Americans United Chapter invites you to a casual discussion of church-state issues in the private Chef s Table room at LaScala s Italian Restaurant, 615 Chestnut St at 7th St, in Philadelphia PA, from 6 00 to 8 00pm, on the second Thursday of each month in this location. Happy Hour at LaScala s begins at 5pm if Posted in Events , Meetup | Leave a response DVAU/GloCo Casual Discussion Meetup February 11 2012 By Janice Rael on January 26, 2012 The Delaware Valley Americans United Chapter invites you to a casual discussion of church-state issues in the relaxed setting of the Barnes & Noble Cafe on Rowan Blvd near Main & High Streets in Glassboro, Gloucester County, NJ, from 1 00 to 3 00pm on the second Saturday of each month. Bring your church-state related newspaper stories, Posted in Events , Meetup | Leave a response DVAU/Bucks bimonthly meeting February Casual Discussion, Feb 16 2012 By Janice Rael on January 26, 2012 The bimonthly meeting of the Delaware Valley Americans United Chapter s Bucks County Committee will take place at 7pm on Thursdays every other month during 2012 in the Bucks County Library, 150 S Pine St, Doylestown PA. Meetings are currently scheduled for Thursday Feb 16, Thursday April 12, and Thursday June 14. The Delaware Valley Americans United Chapter Posted in Events , Meetup | Leave a response President s Post Myth 8 Religion is the source of Morality By Ed Joyce on January 25, 2012 Myth 8 Religion is the source of Morality Greetings! I d like to return to my series addressing common myths surrounding church/state separation. If you re aware of any myths surrounding church/state separation that I haven t addressed so far please forward them to me at president@dvau.org and I will attempt to address them. Many people believe that Posted in President\'s Post | Tagged ethics , morality , President\'s Post , religion , source | Leave a response Blue Jersey Thoughts on a Day in Trenton By Janice Rael on January 24, 2012 Coverage of today s marriage equality hearings in New Jersey, and a short video, courtesy of Deciminyan on Blue Jersey I was happy to see clergy there from all faiths the equality proponents greatly outnumbered the supporters of marriage discrimination. The latter group still does not understand that the bill does not require them to Posted in News | Tagged marriage , NJ | Leave a response deciminyan Signs of the Times By Janice Rael on January 14, 2012 What if this was the photo of the holiday banner in Pitman NJ If you drive through Pitman, NJ, you will see a banner hanging across the main drag which has in big letters, Allah Akbar. That s a transliteration of the Arabic that means God is Great . No one should object to that. After Posted in News | Tagged Allah , banner , bunting , christmas , NJ , Pitman NJ , war on christmas | Leave a response 1 2 ... 22 Next DVAU Events Calendar on Meetup Join today to RSVP Click here to Join The Philadelphia Separation of Church and State Meetup Group! Support the DVAU Chapter Delaware Valley Americans United for Separation of Church and State Sign up for DVAU emails To sign up for the Delaware Valley Americans United Chapter\'s email list, please send a blank email with "Subscribe" in the subject line to info@dvau.org . Search DVAU Twitter Delaware Valley AU DVAU is Philly/S Jersey/N.DE chapter of Americans United, a nonpartisan group dedicated to preserving the constitutional principle of church-state separation. Anyone can sign "Repeal PA Year of the Bible" petition act now please! http //t.co/CdMwKkOq Scroll down our Twitter wall to see all the different action alerts we posted today! The religious attack on women\'s rights is astonishing! Like DVAU on Facebook! DVAU Year Of The Bible Pennsylvania House Urges Faith In God Through Holy Scripture DVAU Clergy Advisory Board First Meeting Tues Feb 21 2012 Special Event! DVAU/Philly Katherine Stewart, author, The Good News Club March 29, 2012 DVAU/GloCo Casual Discussion Meetup February 11 2012 DVAU/Philly Casual Discussion Meetup February Dinner & Movie Feb 9 2012 DVAU/Bucks bimonthly meeting February Casual Discussion, Feb 16 2012 President s Post Myth 8 Religion is the source of Morality Blue Jersey Thoughts on a Day in Trenton deciminyan Signs of the Times President s Post Dark Clouds over the Sunshine State Great Nonprofits NetworkedBlogs NetworkedBlogs Blog Del Val Americans United Topics Church-State Separation , Pa , Nj Follow my blog Copyright 2012 DVAU . Powered by WordPress and Retro-fitted .')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01435', 'dir "ltr" lang "en-US" xmlns fb "http //www.facebook.com/2008/fbml" xmlns addthis "http //www.addthis.com/help/api-spec" > DVAU Delaware Valley Americans United About Connect Donate Presentations Events Links President s Message You are here Home / Special Event! DVAU/Philly Katherine Stewart, author, The Good News Club March 29, 2012 Special Event! DVAU/Philly Katherine Stewart, author, The Good News Club March 29, 2012 By Janice Rael on January 26, 2012 The March 2012 meeting of Delaware Valley Americans United chapter s Philadelphia Committee will take place on Thursday March 29th at 7pm in the Skyline Room on the 4th floor of the Parkway Central Library in Philadelphia PA, at 1901 Vine Street between 19th and 20th Streets on the Parkway . THE GOOD NEWS CLUB The Christian Right s Stealth Assault on America s Children by Katherine Stewart Katherine Stewart will be on a national tour beginning January 24, 2012, to discuss her new book about the Christian Right s stealth activity directed at America s children. She will present her findings to the Delaware Valley Chapter of Americans United for Separation of Church and State at our regular bimonthly program meeting, to be held on Thursday, March 29, at 7pm in the Skyline Room on the 4th floor of the Free Library of Philadelphia, Parkway Central Branch, 19th & Vine Streets, Philadelphia PA. Stewart s book, THE GOOD NEWS CLUB The Christian Right s Stealth Assault on America s Children is a powerful study of religious right activity in public schools. Michelle Goldberg, author of Kingdom Coming The Rise of Christian Nationalism and The Means of Reproduction says Even those well-versed in the religious right s attempt to Christianize American institutions will likely be shocked by The Good News Club . Katherine Stewart s book about the fundamentalist assault on public education is lucid, alarming, and very important. In January, 2009, Katherine Stewart learned that the Santa Barbara public elementary school her children attended had added a Bible study class called the Good News Club to its afterschool program. Stewart s curiosity turned to concern as she discovered that the unstated purpose of the club, which is sponsored by the Child Evangelism Fellowship, is to convey the impression to its young members and their schoolmates that their school favors a particular form of the Christian religion. She soon learned that the Good News Club a seemingly spontaneous and voluntary after-school program was in fact part of a larger, calculated initiative by national advocacy groups whose declared aim is to take back America s public schools and repurpose them with a Fundamentalist Christian agenda. What happened in Stewart s community is happening nationwide. At the end of 2010 there were nearly 3,500 Good News Clubs operating in public schools across the country, a number that is rapidly increasing and the Good News Club is just one of many different initiatives with similar goals. What s more, a landmark 2001 Supreme Court ruling not only permits such an entanglement between schools and religion, it effectively makes it obligatory. In The Good News Club The Christian Right s Stealth Assault on America s Children , Stewart sets out on an investigative journey to uncover the effect the Good News Clubs and similar initiatives have on our schools, children, and communities. She travels to dozens of cities and towns across the country and visits regions famous for their piety, like west Texas and Alabama, as well as places known for the opposite, like Seattle and New York City. Everywhere, she discovers religion-driven programs inserting themselves into public school systems with unprecedented force and unexpected consequences. Stewart takes us on a chilling narrative in which she Interviews members of a community in Seattle that has been torn apart by the arrival of a Good News Club in their public school Goes undercover to sit in on training sessions with instructors for the Good News Club, which arms its local club leaders with The Plan, a document hundreds of pages in length that details each step involved in setting up and maintaining a club, including instructions on how to serve legal papers to a resistant superintendent and how to incentivize unchurched children to attend meetings Visits student athletic programs that have been turned into vehicles for religious recruiting Listens to the stories of children who have been subject to proselytizing in classrooms and school yards and speaks with other children who have been instructed to proselytize their friends at school Meets with school board officials who are busy rewriting textbook standards to conform to their own religious agendas Interviews the people promoting and attending Bible Study courses that turn out to be programs of sectarian indoctrination In The Good News Club , Stewart details how the labor behind the initiatives may be local, but the ideas, the money, and the legal firepower that make them possible are national. The movement is coordinated and given strategic direction by extremely well financed groups whose leaders write the scripts that are followed in classrooms, playgrounds, and courtrooms from New York to California. Some of the most powerful forces in public education today are groups that most people may never have heard of the Alliance Defense Fund ADF , the Liberty Counsel, the American Center for Law and Justice ACLJ , and other conservative legal groups that, with combined budgets totaling over $100 million per year, have masterminded the religious assault on public education. Today, Stewart concludes, there is more religious activity in American public schools than there has been for the past 100 years. The Christian Right s strategy to take back America is stealthy, calculated, extremely well-financed, and coming soon to a neighborhood near you. And it has our children, our schools, and our future in its sights Knock down all of the doors, all of the barriers, to all of the 65,000-plus elementary schools in the country and take the gospel to this open mission field now! Not later, Now! Mathew Staver, President and Founder of Liberty Counsel, at the National Convention of the Child Evangelism Fellowship, 2010 Katherine Stewart is a journalist whose work has appeared in Newsweek International, Marie Claire, The London Times, The Village Voice, The New York Times, Rolling Stone , and many other publications. She has published two novels and was the coauthor of Rent by Jonathan Larsen, the book about the musical of the same name. She and her family recently moved from Santa Barbara, California, to New York City. Visit Katherine Stewart at www.thegoodnewsclub.com and follow her on Twitter at kathsstewart . Due to library policy, Katherine Stewart s book will not be available for sale at the DVAU Chapter meeting, but can be preordered through her website http //www.thegoodnewclub.com/book . As always, this DVAU meeting is free and open to the public. There is a pay-to-park lot on Callowhill Street behind the library, and this location is accessible via SEPTA. Philadelphia, PA 19103 USA Thursday, March 29 at 7 00 PM Details http //www.meetup.com/churchandstate-48/events/38323842/ Posted in Events , Meetup Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name Email Website Comment Previous Next DVAU Events Calendar on Meetup Join today to RSVP Click here to Join The Philadelphia Separation of Church and State Meetup Group! Support the DVAU Chapter Delaware Valley Americans United for Separation of Church and State Sign up for DVAU emails To sign up for the Delaware Valley Americans United Chapter\'s email list, please send a blank email with "Subscribe" in the subject line to info@dvau.org . Search DVAU Twitter Delaware Valley AU DVAU is Philly/S Jersey/N.DE chapter of Americans United, a nonpartisan group dedicated to preserving the constitutional principle of church-state separation. Anyone can sign "Repeal PA Year of the Bible" petition act now please! http //t.co/CdMwKkOq Scroll down our Twitter wall to see all the different action alerts we posted today! The religious attack on women\'s rights is astonishing! Like DVAU on Facebook! DVAU Year Of The Bible Pennsylvania House Urges Faith In God Through Holy Scripture DVAU Clergy Advisory Board First Meeting Tues Feb 21 2012 Special Event! DVAU/Philly Katherine Stewart, author, The Good News Club March 29, 2012 DVAU/GloCo Casual Discussion Meetup February 11 2012 DVAU/Philly Casual Discussion Meetup February Dinner & Movie Feb 9 2012 DVAU/Bucks bimonthly meeting February Casual Discussion, Feb 16 2012 President s Post Myth 8 Religion is the source of Morality Blue Jersey Thoughts on a Day in Trenton deciminyan Signs of the Times President s Post Dark Clouds over the Sunshine State Great Nonprofits NetworkedBlogs NetworkedBlogs Blog Del Val Americans United Topics Church-State Separation , Pa , Nj Follow my blog Copyright 2012 DVAU . Powered by WordPress and Retro-fitted .')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01436', 'dir "ltr" lang "en-US" xmlns fb "http //www.facebook.com/2008/fbml" xmlns addthis "http //www.addthis.com/help/api-spec" > DVAU Delaware Valley Americans United About Connect Donate Presentations Events Links President s Message You are here Home / DVAU Clergy Advisory Board First Meeting Tues Feb 21 2012 DVAU Clergy Advisory Board First Meeting Tues Feb 21 2012 By Ed Joyce on February 6, 2012 Greetings, I m very proud to announce the first meeting of the Clergy Advisory board will be Tuesday, February 21, 6 00 pm at the Ethical Society Building located at 1906 Rittenhouse Square in Philadelphia. The goal of this meeting is to develop a working partnership between the local religious community and the Delaware Valley Chapter of Americans United for Separation of Church and State . Discount parking is available at the Parkway Garage on Walnut between 19 th and 18 th and at the EZ Park on 21 st between Chestnut and Sansom. Bring your parking ticket to the meeting to be stamped. Attendees Hugh Taft-Morales , Leader, Ethical Humanist Society of Philadelphia Reverend Nathan C. Walker, First Unitarian Church of Philadelphia Reverend Tom Beers, Central Baptist Church, Wayne, PA Glenn Booker, Ph.D., Wiccan Clergy, Associate Professor, Drexel University Rabbi Eric Wisnia, Congregation Beth Chaim, Princeton, NJ Thank you for your interest in this ambitious project and I look forward to working with you. Everyone is certainly welcome to invite additional clergy members who may be interested. Just in case, my cell phone number is available upon request, email president@dvau.org. Best wishes, Ed Joyce, Ph.D. President, Delaware Valley Chapter Americans United for Separation of Church & State Posted in Events , News Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name Email Website Comment Previous Next DVAU Events Calendar on Meetup Join today to RSVP Click here to Join The Philadelphia Separation of Church and State Meetup Group! Support the DVAU Chapter Delaware Valley Americans United for Separation of Church and State Sign up for DVAU emails To sign up for the Delaware Valley Americans United Chapter\'s email list, please send a blank email with "Subscribe" in the subject line to info@dvau.org . Search DVAU Twitter Delaware Valley AU DVAU is Philly/S Jersey/N.DE chapter of Americans United, a nonpartisan group dedicated to preserving the constitutional principle of church-state separation. Anyone can sign "Repeal PA Year of the Bible" petition act now please! http //t.co/CdMwKkOq Scroll down our Twitter wall to see all the different action alerts we posted today! The religious attack on women\'s rights is astonishing! Like DVAU on Facebook! DVAU Year Of The Bible Pennsylvania House Urges Faith In God Through Holy Scripture DVAU Clergy Advisory Board First Meeting Tues Feb 21 2012 Special Event! DVAU/Philly Katherine Stewart, author, The Good News Club March 29, 2012 DVAU/GloCo Casual Discussion Meetup February 11 2012 DVAU/Philly Casual Discussion Meetup February Dinner & Movie Feb 9 2012 DVAU/Bucks bimonthly meeting February Casual Discussion, Feb 16 2012 President s Post Myth 8 Religion is the source of Morality Blue Jersey Thoughts on a Day in Trenton deciminyan Signs of the Times President s Post Dark Clouds over the Sunshine State Great Nonprofits NetworkedBlogs NetworkedBlogs Blog Del Val Americans United Topics Church-State Separation , Pa , Nj Follow my blog Copyright 2012 DVAU . Powered by WordPress and Retro-fitted .')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01437', 'dir "ltr" lang "en-US" xmlns fb "http //www.facebook.com/2008/fbml" xmlns addthis "http //www.addthis.com/help/api-spec" > DVAU Delaware Valley Americans United About Connect Donate Presentations Events Links President s Message You are here Home / Year Of The Bible Pennsylvania House Urges Faith In God Through Holy Scripture Year Of The Bible Pennsylvania House Urges Faith In God Through Holy Scripture By Ed Joyce on February 6, 2012 Earlier this week, the House of Representatives approved H.R. 535, a nonbinding resolution designating 2012 the Year of the Bible. Introduced by Rep. Rick Saccone R Elizabeth Township and 36 other legislators, the measure insists that biblical teachings inspired concepts of civil government that are contained in our Declaration of Independence and the Constitution of the United States. This resolution sends a clear message to residents that the state favors Christianity and it thus violates the spirit of the First Amendment of the U.S. Constitution. It also runs afoul of Section 3 of the Pennsylvania State Constitution, which states, no preference shall ever be given by law to any religious establishments or modes of worship. Section 3 makes it crystal clear that Pennsylvania s early representatives recognized the importance of keeping church and state separated and intended government to remain neutral with respect to religion. This resolution is also alienating and will have the effect of informing non-Christians they are little more than second-class citizens. According to data from 2000, the Penn State University s Association of Religion Data Archives shows that Pennsylvania s population was 12,281,054. Of these, 8,448,193 were estimated to belong to some sort of organized religion with about 422,000 being non-Christian. This leaves around 4 million residents whose religious affiliations are unknown. A 2011 Gallup Poll found that 7% of Americans claim to be atheist which is similar to other studies. Using 7% as a very conservative approximation means that of the 4 million whose religious affiliations are unknown about 280,000 can be considered atheist. These data suggest there are over 700,000 non-Christian and atheist Pennsylvania residents who probably do not agree with H.R. 535. Added to this number would be all the Christians who also do not believe that a majority religion should be forced upon non-Christians. Many Christians solemnly believe that religion is a personal endeavor and religious edicts should not be heralded from our state houses. If church-state separation means anything at all, it ought to stand for the proposition that government stays out of religion. Many Americans believe in the Bible, but many don t. It s not the business of the Pennsylvania House to make overt religious proclamations. It s a shame that the House has turned its back on our admirable tradition of government neutrality with respect to religion and sent a message of intolerance to those who do not share the majority faith. Posted in News , President\'s Post | Tagged HR 535 , PA , Year of the Bible Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name Email Website Comment Previous Next DVAU Events Calendar on Meetup Join today to RSVP Click here to Join The Philadelphia Separation of Church and State Meetup Group! Support the DVAU Chapter Delaware Valley Americans United for Separation of Church and State Sign up for DVAU emails To sign up for the Delaware Valley Americans United Chapter\'s email list, please send a blank email with "Subscribe" in the subject line to info@dvau.org . Search DVAU Twitter Delaware Valley AU DVAU is Philly/S Jersey/N.DE chapter of Americans United, a nonpartisan group dedicated to preserving the constitutional principle of church-state separation. Anyone can sign "Repeal PA Year of the Bible" petition act now please! http //t.co/CdMwKkOq Scroll down our Twitter wall to see all the different action alerts we posted today! The religious attack on women\'s rights is astonishing! Like DVAU on Facebook! DVAU Year Of The Bible Pennsylvania House Urges Faith In God Through Holy Scripture DVAU Clergy Advisory Board First Meeting Tues Feb 21 2012 Special Event! DVAU/Philly Katherine Stewart, author, The Good News Club March 29, 2012 DVAU/GloCo Casual Discussion Meetup February 11 2012 DVAU/Philly Casual Discussion Meetup February Dinner & Movie Feb 9 2012 DVAU/Bucks bimonthly meeting February Casual Discussion, Feb 16 2012 President s Post Myth 8 Religion is the source of Morality Blue Jersey Thoughts on a Day in Trenton deciminyan Signs of the Times President s Post Dark Clouds over the Sunshine State Great Nonprofits NetworkedBlogs NetworkedBlogs Blog Del Val Americans United Topics Church-State Separation , Pa , Nj Follow my blog Copyright 2012 DVAU . Powered by WordPress and Retro-fitted .')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01438', 'dir "ltr" lang "en-US" xmlns fb "http //www.facebook.com/2008/fbml" xmlns addthis "http //www.addthis.com/help/api-spec" > DVAU Delaware Valley Americans United About Connect Donate Presentations Events Links President s Message You are here Home / Skeptical Inquiry My Letter to State Representives in Response to PA HR 535 of Sesson 2012 Skeptical Inquiry My Letter to State Representives in Response to PA HR 535 of Sesson 2012 By Janice Rael on February 10, 2012 A letter to Pennsylvania Legislators in objection to House Resolution HR 535, the Year of the Bible resolution. Letter reprinted with permission by the author. Click through the link to read the entire letter, then contact your own representatives to share your views! To Representative Lawrence Curry, Senator Vincent Hughes, and Congresswoman Allyson Schwartz; I am deeply concerned about the recent Pennsylvania General Assembly s passage of House Resolution No. 535 passed unanimously on January 24, 2012. House Resolution No. 535 declares the year of 2012 to be the Year of the Bible in the State of Pennsylvania. This resolution was introduced as noncontroversial and deals with the Separation of Church and State issue. I was flabbergasted it was labeled noncontroversial given the recent events in California, Rhode Island, and right here in Pennsylvania over the last few months. I view this as a cowardly, and possibly illegal way to pass backdoor legislation with the sole purpose of laying the groundwork to make Pennsylvania a State Theocracy for the Christian Religion. More troubling was the lack of one dissenting voice for a resolution that is wrought with errors and violates not only the Pennsylvania State Constitution but the Constitution of United States of America. The state legislature has no right to declare any religious text the word of God for Pennsylvanians. This state, nor this nation, is all Christian. There are other religious and life choices, including but not limited to Judaism, Islam, Mormon, Universal Unitarian, Scientology, Eastern philosophy, humanist, deist, and pagan. All have their own belief systems and moral guidelines. The Gen. Assembly has demonstrated a complete lack of understanding of the principles of the Declaration of Independence and the history of Pennsylvania. via Skeptical Inquiry My Letter to State Representives in Response to PA HR 535 of Sesson 2012 . Posted in News | Tagged HR 535 , PA , Year of the Bible Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name Email Website Comment Previous DVAU Events Calendar on Meetup Join today to RSVP Click here to Join The Philadelphia Separation of Church and State Meetup Group! Support the DVAU Chapter Delaware Valley Americans United for Separation of Church and State Sign up for DVAU emails To sign up for the Delaware Valley Americans United Chapter\'s email list, please send a blank email with "Subscribe" in the subject line to info@dvau.org . Search DVAU Twitter Delaware Valley AU DVAU is Philly/S Jersey/N.DE chapter of Americans United, a nonpartisan group dedicated to preserving the constitutional principle of church-state separation. Anyone can sign "Repeal PA Year of the Bible" petition act now please! http //t.co/CdMwKkOq Scroll down our Twitter wall to see all the different action alerts we posted today! The religious attack on women\'s rights is astonishing! Like DVAU on Facebook! DVAU Year Of The Bible Pennsylvania House Urges Faith In God Through Holy Scripture DVAU Clergy Advisory Board First Meeting Tues Feb 21 2012 Special Event! DVAU/Philly Katherine Stewart, author, The Good News Club March 29, 2012 DVAU/GloCo Casual Discussion Meetup February 11 2012 DVAU/Philly Casual Discussion Meetup February Dinner & Movie Feb 9 2012 DVAU/Bucks bimonthly meeting February Casual Discussion, Feb 16 2012 President s Post Myth 8 Religion is the source of Morality Blue Jersey Thoughts on a Day in Trenton deciminyan Signs of the Times President s Post Dark Clouds over the Sunshine State Great Nonprofits NetworkedBlogs NetworkedBlogs Blog Del Val Americans United Topics Church-State Separation , Pa , Nj Follow my blog Copyright 2012 DVAU . Powered by WordPress and Retro-fitted .')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01439', 'dir "ltr" lang "en-US" xmlns fb "http //www.facebook.com/2008/fbml" xmlns addthis "http //www.addthis.com/help/api-spec" > DVAU Delaware Valley Americans United About Connect Donate Presentations Events Links President s Message You are here Home / DVAU/Bucks meeting Paul Grosswald, One Nation Indivisible DVAU/Bucks meeting Paul Grosswald, One Nation Indivisible By Janice Rael on May 29, 2010 The Philadelphia Separation of Church and State Meetup Group From the Bucks County Committee of DVAU Friends, The next meeting of the Bucks County Committee of the Delaware Valley Chapter of Americans United for Separation of Church & State will be held Tuesday, June 1, 7 00 pm, at the Doylestown Library located at 150 S. Pine St., Doylestown, Pa 18901. We are very fortunate to have Attorney Paul Grosswald speak. Attorney Grosswald was involved in a landmark Supreme Court case involving the reciting of the Pledge of Allegiance in a public school. Mr. Grosswald will discuss the arguments he presented to the Supreme Court. He will also provide an update on new Pledge of Allegiance decisions that have been handed down since 2004. At the conclusiong of his talk he will lead a discussion regarding the best strategy for church/state separationists going forward. Is it wise for Mr. Newdow to continue bringing separation cases which are likely to be lost in front of the current Supreme Court Or would it be better if he waited until the makeup of the Court changes before pursuing a separationist agenda Come join us for an informative and lively discussion! Title One Nation . . . Indivisible Speaker Paul S. Grosswald graduated magna cum laude from Brooklyn Law School in 2001. He specializes in civil rights and employment discrimination cases. He is admitted in New York and New Jersey, and in numerous federal courts including the Supreme Court of the United States. Abstract In 2004, attorney Paul S. Grosswald became involved in one of the most controversial Establishment Clause cases ever to reach the United States Supreme Court. Michael Newdow s daughter s school district had a policy requiring the school to lead students in a daily recitation of the Pledge of Allegiance. Newdow sued the school district on the grounds that such a policy violates the Establishment Clause of the United States Constitution, because the Pledge contains the phrase Under God. Newdow prevailed in the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals, and the Supreme Court agreed to hear the case. Mr. Grosswald entered the case early in 2004, when he co-authored a Friend of the Court Brief on behalf of a coalition of Buddhist Organizations, with a combined membership of over 300,000 Buddhist Americans. Mr. Grosswald s brief supported Newdow s position that the school district s Pledge policy was unconstitutional. Ultimately, the Court ruled against Newdow on procedural grounds, without addressing the Under God issue. Nevertheless, three Justices issued concurring opinions which squarely addressed the constitutionality of the school district s Pledge policy. One of those opinions, written by Justice Sandra Day O Connor, cited Mr. Grosswald s brief. Doylestown, PA 18901 USA Tuesday, June 1 at 7 00 PM Attending 3 Details http //churchandstate.meetup.com/48/calendar/13403903/ Posted in Events , Meetup Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name Email Website Comment Next DVAU Events Calendar on Meetup Join today to RSVP Click here to Join The Philadelphia Separation of Church and State Meetup Group! Support the DVAU Chapter Delaware Valley Americans United for Separation of Church and State Sign up for DVAU emails To sign up for the Delaware Valley Americans United Chapter\'s email list, please send a blank email with "Subscribe" in the subject line to info@dvau.org . Search DVAU Twitter Delaware Valley AU DVAU is Philly/S Jersey/N.DE chapter of Americans United, a nonpartisan group dedicated to preserving the constitutional principle of church-state separation. Anyone can sign "Repeal PA Year of the Bible" petition act now please! http //t.co/CdMwKkOq Scroll down our Twitter wall to see all the different action alerts we posted today! The religious attack on women\'s rights is astonishing! Like DVAU on Facebook! DVAU Year Of The Bible Pennsylvania House Urges Faith In God Through Holy Scripture DVAU Clergy Advisory Board First Meeting Tues Feb 21 2012 Special Event! DVAU/Philly Katherine Stewart, author, The Good News Club March 29, 2012 DVAU/GloCo Casual Discussion Meetup February 11 2012 DVAU/Philly Casual Discussion Meetup February Dinner & Movie Feb 9 2012 DVAU/Bucks bimonthly meeting February Casual Discussion, Feb 16 2012 President s Post Myth 8 Religion is the source of Morality Blue Jersey Thoughts on a Day in Trenton deciminyan Signs of the Times President s Post Dark Clouds over the Sunshine State Great Nonprofits NetworkedBlogs NetworkedBlogs Blog Del Val Americans United Topics Church-State Separation , Pa , Nj Follow my blog Copyright 2012 DVAU . Powered by WordPress and Retro-fitted .')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01440', 'dir "ltr" lang "en-US" xmlns fb "http //www.facebook.com/2008/fbml" xmlns addthis "http //www.addthis.com/help/api-spec" > DVAU Delaware Valley Americans United About Connect Donate Presentations Events Links President s Message You are here Home / Gloria Andersen s Review of Paul Grosswald June 1 Chapter Meeting Gloria Andersen s Review of Paul Grosswald June 1 Chapter Meeting By Ed Joyce on June 2, 2010 I wanted to publicly thank the the new Delaware Valley Bucks County Chapter of AU for an incredible program last night. Paul Grosswald Esq., who wrote the amicus brief on the part of the Buddhists explained the nuances and lack thereof of the Newdow case. His humor and ability to walk us through the case one step at a time brought home the extent that the 1954 addition of under G-d in the pledge violates the First amendment. The purpose of the addition is clear, to teach children from a young age that loyalty to country is synonymous with loyalty to G-d.It clearly endorses one religion over another as to a Buddhist every recitation of the pledge violates his duty to right speech , and as a public school teacher I can attest that in some classes students are coerced into saying the pledge. What I never fathomed before was how the other side could defend under G-d in the pledge constitutionally. The answer was clear by the end of the presentation. They don t. Some of the arguments was that, the phrase acknowledged limited government remember the Declaration is NOT the Constitution ,it Promotes Patriotism, commemorates the role of religion in American History that will be included in the Texas SS textbooks I m sure and we need to look at the pledge in its entirety as most of it is not about G-d. None of these reasons really argues why the courts support Congress s inclusion of under G-d in the 1954 revision of the pledge and it is still held Constitutional. In 2008 Sarah Palin was asked, Are you offended by the phrase Under God in the Pledge of Allegiance Why or why not Her reply is disturbing for those of us who believe in teaching history accurately Not on your life. If it was good enough for the founding fathers, its good enough for me and I ll fight in defense of our Pledge of Allegiance. Mr Grosswald believes in teaching history accurately and he believes in the Constitution. The Pledge wasn t written until 1892, and the revision of adding under G-d was not made until 1954. Possibly it is time to revisit the historical precedent of reciting the pledge in its present form. Thank you to Mr. Grosswald for traveling to Doylestown to give a brilliant lecture, and thank you to Ed and AU for arranging an enlightening program that was so well delivered. Gloria Andersen Posted in Uncategorized Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name Email Website Comment Previous Next DVAU Events Calendar on Meetup Join today to RSVP Click here to Join The Philadelphia Separation of Church and State Meetup Group! Support the DVAU Chapter Delaware Valley Americans United for Separation of Church and State Sign up for DVAU emails To sign up for the Delaware Valley Americans United Chapter\'s email list, please send a blank email with "Subscribe" in the subject line to info@dvau.org . Search DVAU Twitter Delaware Valley AU DVAU is Philly/S Jersey/N.DE chapter of Americans United, a nonpartisan group dedicated to preserving the constitutional principle of church-state separation. Anyone can sign "Repeal PA Year of the Bible" petition act now please! http //t.co/CdMwKkOq Scroll down our Twitter wall to see all the different action alerts we posted today! The religious attack on women\'s rights is astonishing! Like DVAU on Facebook! DVAU Year Of The Bible Pennsylvania House Urges Faith In God Through Holy Scripture DVAU Clergy Advisory Board First Meeting Tues Feb 21 2012 Special Event! DVAU/Philly Katherine Stewart, author, The Good News Club March 29, 2012 DVAU/GloCo Casual Discussion Meetup February 11 2012 DVAU/Philly Casual Discussion Meetup February Dinner & Movie Feb 9 2012 DVAU/Bucks bimonthly meeting February Casual Discussion, Feb 16 2012 President s Post Myth 8 Religion is the source of Morality Blue Jersey Thoughts on a Day in Trenton deciminyan Signs of the Times President s Post Dark Clouds over the Sunshine State Great Nonprofits NetworkedBlogs NetworkedBlogs Blog Del Val Americans United Topics Church-State Separation , Pa , Nj Follow my blog Copyright 2012 DVAU . Powered by WordPress and Retro-fitted .')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01442', 'id "ie6" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01443', 'id "ie6" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01444', 'id "ie6" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01445', 'id "ie6" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01446', 'id "ie6" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01447', 'id "ie6" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01448', 'id "ie6" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01449', 'id "ie6" dir "ltr" lang "en-US">')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01451', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml lang "en-US" lang "en-US"> "We have all known the long loneliness and we have learned that the only solution is love and that love comes with community." Dorothy Day Account Blog Blueprints clickbank Blueprint Affiliate Classroom Facebook Cash 2.0 Utillities System Cleaner Driver Robot Registry Easy Error Smart PC Tweaker Privacy Control Evidence Nuker Marketing Build Social Network Design Toolbar Tweeter Automation Buy Tweeter Accounts Buy Facebook Fans Buy Tweeter Followers Buy Google Plus 1 Buy Utube Views Buy Vimeo Views List Bot Video Squeeze Pages Peel Away Ads Popup Pro Instant Landing Page Article Spinning Traffic Traffic Travis Mass Ppv Traffic Back Llinks Rank Builder SCO Search Engine Submitter SEO PowerSuite All-In-One Marketing Howto Sco SEO Software Become A Google Expert Wordpress Subscription Plugin Rank Tracker Plugin Category Ads Plugin AutoPoster Plugin Keyword Insertion Plugin SEOPressor Wordpress Squeezepage Generator RSS Plugin Wordpress WP Facebook Lightbox Website Tools Unlimited Hosting SiteBuilder Elite Membership Software Website Create Software Web 2.0 Graphics People All Members Match Online Featured Top Rated Popular Birthdays Calendar Search World Map Spy All Users Tags Tags Home All Tags Popular Tags Calendar Search Categories All Categories Common Categories User Categories Calendar Search Search Search Home Keyword Search People Search Google Site Search Help Help FAQ Contact Advice About About Feedback Terms of use Privacy Policy Ads Ads Home All Ads Top Rated Popular Tags Categories Calendar Featured Search Articles Articles Home Articles Archive Top Rated Popular Featured Tags Categories Calendar Search Blogs Blogs Home All Blogs All Posts Top Posts Popular Posts Tags Calendar Search Chat Chat Home Rules Moderators Files Files home File folders All files Top files Popular files Featured files Tags Categories Calendar Search News News Home News Archive Top Rated Popular Featured Tags Categories Calendar Search Photos Photos home Photo albums All photos Top photos Popular photos Featured photos Tags Categories Rater Calendar Search Polls Polls Home All Polls Popular Featured Calendar Search Tags Categories Sites Sites Home All Sites Admin Sites User Sites Top Rated Popular Featured Tags Categories Calendar Search Sounds Sounds home Sound albums All Sounds Top Sounds Popular Sounds Featured Sounds Tags Categories Rater Calendar Search Videos Videos home Video albums All Videos Top Videos Popular Videos Featured Videos Tags Categories Rater Calendar Search Boards Boards Home Rules Saved Home Website Tools Hello, Guest ! Join Login Welcome to the community! BoonEx News Members latest Top Online acurtwhitakeru costchina jessicawoodv51 DoolTester MulpSpeeltZes ClaySalinascni fcommonhomb dremnatte ioperncoverl DonnieFrey85 tSelinaRaymondp xLeviBergerf kwadeellisk acharlesla EmarkTwain2 Nomoitate View All 1148 Leaders All Men Women Year 0 votes Vacant Month 0 votes Vacant Week 0 votes Vacant Day 0 votes Vacant Year 0 votes Vacant Month 0 votes Vacant Week 0 votes Vacant Day 0 votes Vacant Blogs latest Top Atlanta Web Design Done Efficiently 21 minutes ago 0 comments Categories Baby Tags Some of the top webmaster\'s on this planet assemble Atlanta Web design, and not simply that they\'re able to very easily increase your response rate to whatever market you take place to be in bas Obsession Garnet 925 Silver Pendant-With Free Chain-Gemstone Outlet factories 35 minutes ago 0 comments Categories Health Tags troy burch troy burch troy burch troy burch troy burch troy burch troy burch troy burch troy burch troy burch troy burch troy burch troy burch troy burch troy burch troy burch troy burch troy burch troy burch troy burch Asbestos is a really formula of six naturally sourced silicon based minerals that happen to be combined with the intention to exploit the dear characteristics every single. The information presented 925 Silver Hazel Swarovski Crystal Ring Women-Gemstone Outlet so it\'s crucial to take what space all the. Indeed 36 minutes ago 0 comments Categories Blogging for Money Tags troy burch troy burch troy burch troy burch troy burch troy burch troy burch troy burch troy burch troy burch troy burch troy burch troy burch troy burch troy burch troy burch troy burch troy burch troy burch troy burch You re new website \'s nearly there. You ve spent months deciding on a colour theme,Tiffany Heart Tag Toggle Link Set, the most suitable font,925 Silver Hazel Swarovski Crystal Ring Women-Gemstone O View All 11836 featured members latest Top Online Mike ralffg Yves Tracey Brandon Valerie David Willow Public videos latest Top 09 19 Tutorial Adding a Post to your Wordpress Blog Basic From David 60 Days Ago 54 Views 09 09 Tutorial Introduction to Your Wordpress Dashboard From David 60 Days Ago 64 Views 05 42 Tutorial Setting Up Your Wordpress The Right Way From David 60 Days Ago 50 Views 04 58 How to set up a WordPress Website using GoDaddy From David 60 Days Ago 42 Views 03 30 Godaddy account and domain setup.wmv From David 60 Days Ago 48 Views 04 18 Make Money This Weekend Part 5 - Upload and Test Thankyou Page From Tracey 60 Days Ago 47 Views 04 41 Make Money This Weekend Part 4 - Customize Thank You Page From Tracey 60 Days Ago 49 Views 04 18 Make Money This Weekend Part 3 - Put Sales Page on Website From Tracey 60 Days Ago 52 Views View All 14 Public files latest Popular ZuneDesktopTheme From David | 58 Days Ago ZuneDesktopTheme Black Theme XP AnimatedDesktop From David | 58 Days Ago AnimatedDesktop View All 4 Public photos latest Top 120x120 Avatar From wholeasledress11 13 Days Ago 4 Views 288x431 Avatar From geraldpike 32 Days Ago 13 Views 150x113 Avatar From grhg 46 Days Ago 32 Views 188x268 Avatar From xinmaill 46 Days Ago 32 Views 180x270 Avatar From Mike 61 Days Ago 47 Views 180x270 Avatar From Judymay 61 Days Ago 43 Views 180x270 Avatar From bertt 61 Days Ago 44 Views 180x291 Avatar From ralffg 61 Days Ago 46 Views View All 39 Tags Ads Articles Blogs Files News Photos Polls Sites Videos gadgets microsoft your ad here Categories Articles Blogs Files News Photos Polls Sites Videos create a website 1 Create Amazing Websites 1 earning a decent income 1 facebook likes 1 financial freedom 1 flash website 1 google plus 1 High Quality Web Banner 1 Making Money Online 1 own home based business 1 Paycheck Formula 1 Sales Page 1 Sara Young 1 Some Useful Info 1 start your online business. 1 traffic 1 twitter follows 1 Unique Article Service 1 utube 1 Website Builder 1 WordPress 1 WordPress Sales Page 1 Featured Articles Easy Paycheck Formula 20.12.2011 02 17 Comments 0 Categories financial freedom own home based business earning a decent income Paycheck Formula Sara Young Tags paycheck formula own home based business Easy Paycheck Formula You can achieve financial freedom by setting up your own home based business. Even if you have little or NO technical knowledge you can soon be earning a decent income. Facebook likes,Google Plus,Twitter Follows 20.12.2011 01 30 Comments 0 Categories Some Useful Info facebook likes google plus twitter follows utube Tags facebook likes google plue +1 twitter follower Powerful Exchange System,We help you to increase all of the following.http //www.getlikes.co.uk Latest Articles Get more traffic with online guru 22.12.2011 07 21 Comments 0 Categories traffic Tags traffic Get more traffic with online guru WordPress Blank Canvas Sales Page Theme. 20.12.2011 03 31 Comments 0 Categories WordPress Sales Page WordPress Sales Page Tags wordpress blank canvas sales page wordpress I m very excited today to announce that I am giving away a limited number of copies of my popular WordPress Blank Canvas Sales Page Theme. High Quality Web Banner 20.12.2011 03 25 Comments 0 Categories High Quality Web Banner Tags high quality web banner WEB BANNER AD DESIGNS High Quality Web Banner Starting At $ 15 USD Second banner you order of the same version and different size cost half of regular price. MAKE A FLASH WEBSITE IN 10 MINUTES 20.12.2011 03 04 Comments 0 Categories Create Amazing Websites flash website Tags flash website create amazing websites MAKE A FLASH WEBSITE IN 10 MINUTES Create Amazing Websites or Killer Facebook Fan Pages! Whether you want to make an online business or a personal web page Create Your First Website By 3 45 This Afternoon 20.12.2011 02 49 Comments 0 Categories Making Money Online create a website start your online business. Tags making money online create a website Create Your First Website By 3 45 This Afternoon Revealed! How A One Page Website Is All You Need To Start Making Money Online Easy Paycheck Formula 20.12.2011 02 17 Comments 0 Categories financial freedom own home based business earning a decent income Paycheck Formula Sara Young Tags paycheck formula own home based business Easy Paycheck Formula You can achieve financial freedom by setting up your own home based business. Even if you have little or NO technical knowledge you can soon be earning a decent income. Niche Content Website Builder 20.12.2011 02 11 Comments 0 Categories Website Builder Unique Article Service Tags website builder Is your goal to build Money Making Websites in 2011 Now you can with our easy Niche Content Website Builder and Unique Article Service All In One! Facebook likes,Google Plus,Twitter Follows 20.12.2011 01 30 Comments 0 Categories Some Useful Info facebook likes google plus twitter follows utube Tags facebook likes google plue +1 twitter follower Powerful Exchange System,We help you to increase all of the following.http //www.getlikes.co.uk Latest News Powerful Exchange System 20.12.2011 03 59 Comments 0 Categories Powerful Exchange System Tags powerful exchange system We help you to increase all of the following.http //www.getlikes.co.uk Recently Added Sites Through Children\'s Paintings To Custom Made Dolls 1 day ago 0 comments From MulpSpeeltZes Categories Business Tags government yukuky hvar.com ovo je opis ya site dsafsdsfdfsdf Visit W3Schools Among the best Baby shower celebration Present ideas 1 day ago 0 comments From MulpSpeeltZes Categories World & Business Tags government yukuky some.com Pet Toys The best Amusement To your Pet dogs Stuffed animals- gadgets that can be a fantastic gift for little ones The best way to Manage Your Kids\' Chaotic Gadgets Online games You Can Perform With a Stuffed toy Celebration Choosing the right Pet Toys and games For Your Puppy. Thinking about Gather Kitten Collectibles Practical Presents In shape For the Romantic Deliver Plants To be able to Ukraine At an affordable price Cat Terriers What Are The Greatest Pet Toys Protecting against Hypersensitivity Using Baby crib Bed Handles Why rise in popularity of Stuffed toys is obviously increasing fast tech help 61 days ago 0 comments From David Categories Technology Tags tech help techhelpguys.co.uk Tech help communty Set up your computer all from one place ,download all setup apps from toolbar at bottom. View All 5 Site Stats 0 Ads 11836 blog posts 4 Files 42 Photos 5 Sites 0 Sounds 14 Videos 1148 Members 1 Online 42 New Today 782 This Month 1352 Tags 1148 This Year 1 Polls Login Auth type Basic Facebook connect Username Password Remember Me Forgot password Not a member yet Join now! Join our community now to meet new people; share photos, videos and music; create your own blog; post ads; chat online and more! Spy All Activity Content Updates Profiles Updates Profile 5owod2k4yu has joined 10.02.2012 22 12 Profile vvjgssg92 has joined 10.02.2012 22 05 acurtwhitakeru added a new Post Atlanta Web Design Done Efficiently 10.02.2012 21 51 Profile zouvvqbxp54 has joined 10.02.2012 21 44 oqkr32788 added a new Post Obsession Garnet 925 Silver Pendant-With Free Chain-Gemstone Outlet factories 10.02.2012 21 38 oqkr32788 added a new Post 925 Silver Hazel Swarovski Crystal Ring Women-Gemstone Outlet so it\'s crucial to take what space all the. Indeed 10.02.2012 21 37 Profile ldv924vxw has joined 10.02.2012 21 12 Profile uArthursSchmidta has been viewed by Guest 10.02.2012 20 57 Profile gvj059bxe has joined 10.02.2012 20 42 t2c8ok7d8c added a new Post Patrice Bergeron Jerseys Well 10.02.2012 20 37 Quick Search Specific Username Member ID Options I am a Man Woman Looking for Man Woman Aged Country Afghanistan Aland Islands Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory British Virgin Islands Brunei Bulgaria Burkina Faso __Burma Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos Keeling Islands Colombia Comoros Congo, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Republic of the Cook Islands Costa Rica Cote d\'Ivoire Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic East Timor Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands Islas Malvinas Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern and Antarctic Lands Gabon Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guernsey Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See Vatican City Honduras Hong Kong SAR Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jersey Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea, North Korea, South Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Laos Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Macedonia, The Former Yugoslav Republic of Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia, Federated States of Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestinian Territory, Occupied Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Islands Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Reunion Romania Russia Rwanda Saint Helena Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and the Grenadines Saint Barthelemy Saint Martin French part Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syria Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand The Bahamas The Gambia Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States United States Minor Outlying Islands Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Venezuela Vietnam Virgin Islands Wallis and Futuna Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Tag online only with photos only Public polls By Tracey 12.12.2011 11 43 Result Poll Shoutbox Subscribe Subscribe Name Email Subscribe now for Make money online internet marketing newsletter to receive news, updates, photos of top rated members, feedback and tips to your e-mail. Download Desktop App Download our desktop application and enjoy communication with site members without even opening your web-browser. This application requires the Adobe AIR runtime to be installed for Mac OS or Windows . iPhone App Browse profiles, watch photos and videos, listen to shared music, upload photos, send letters and even more - all from your iPhone. Android App Got an Android-powered device Use our site while one the go, right from your handset. Powered by Dolphin - Free Community Software from BoonEx - Social, Online Dating and Community Software Experts About Us Privacy Terms FAQ Invite A Friend Contact Us Bookmark Copyright 2012 Your Company.')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01452', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml lang "en" xmlns og "http //opengraphprotocol.org/schema/" xmlns fb "http //www.facebook.com/2008/fbml"> Create an account | Login | Lost password AfterDawn | News | Guides | Compare products | Glossary | Software downloads | Tech Support | Forums | Profiles Home News News search Topics Blu-ray Consoles Gadgets HD DVD HDTV Home Theater IPTV Lawsuits & Legislation MP3 & Digital Audio Online music services Online video Phones Press releases Submit news AfterDawn > News Travelzoo Forms Strategic Marketing Alliance With AOL Germany MUNICH, April 14 /PRNewswire/ -- Travelzoo NASDAQ TZOO , a global Internet media company, today announced that is has formed a strategic marketing alliance with AOL Germany, one of Germany\'s leading internet networks, with over five million unique users per month. Under the terms of the agreement for a period of three months, AOL will recommend the Travelzoo Top 20 TM on 500,000,000 AOL pages and create a dedicated section exclusively for the Travelzoo Top 20 TM within its core Travel section. "We have been watching Travelzoo\'s growth throughout Europe, especially within Germany, and are very pleased to begin this complementary relationship," said Stefanie Scholz, Director Advertiser Sales AOL Germany. "Travelzoo offers a high-quality weekly travel newsletter called the Top 20, which we will be recommending to our audience through a number of on-site promotions. Offers in the newsletter are selected by professional editors and tested for quality and availability, therefore the content is very attractive to our users." "AOL Germany is a premium, highly-respected network with huge reach. It is a testament to the quality of our content that AOL is willing to recommend Travelzoo and host a version of the Travelzoo Top 20 TM within its highly respected travel section," said Chris Loughlin, managing director for Travelzoo in Europe. About Travelzoo Travelzoo is a global Internet media company. Travelzoo\'s media properties, which reach more than 12 million travel enthusiasts in the US, Australia, Canada, China, France, Germany, Hong Kong, Japan, Taiwan and the UK, include the Travelzoo R website http //www.travelzoo.com , the Top 20 R e-mail newsletter, the Newsflash TM e-mail alert service and SuperSearch TM , a travel search engine. Travelzoo publishes offers from more than 900 advertisers. Travelzoo\'s deal experts review each offer to find the best travel deals and confirm their true value. Travelzoo is headquartered in New York City. About Travelzoo in Europe Travelzoo has operated in Europe since 2005. Travelzoo\'s European media properties, which reach more than 1.5 million travel enthusiasts in the UK, Germany and France, include the Travelzoo Top 20 TM e-mail newsletter, the Newsflash TM e-mail alert service, and the Travelzoo R websites http //www.travelzoo.co.uk, http //www.travelzoo.de, http //www.travelzoo.fr . About AOL AOL is one of Europe\'s leading Internet companies and is majority owned by a leading media and entertainment company, Time Warner. In Germany, AOL offers its customers innovative digital services and quality content on its safety, communication and entertainment channels. Its various services reach over 5 million people a month Source AGOF internet facts 2007-III . As a media platform, AOL is among the leading online marketing agents in Europe and Germany. Certain statements contained in this press release that are not historical facts may be forward looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934. These forward looking statements may include, but are not limited to, statements about our plans, objectives, expectations, prospects and intentions, markets in which we participate and other statements contained in this press release that are not historical facts. When used in this press release, the words "expect", "predict", "project", "anticipate", "believe", "estimate", "intend", "plan", "seek" and similar expressions are generally intended to identify forward looking statements. Because these forward looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, there are important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by these forward looking statements, including changes in our plans, objectives, expectations, prospects and intentions and other factors discussed in our filings with the SEC. We cannot guarantee any future levels of activity, performance or achievements. Travelzoo undertakes no obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances occurring after the date of this press release. Travelzoo and Top 20 are registered trademarks of Travelzoo. All other company and product names mentioned are trademarks of their respective owners. Travelzoo Deutschland Elisabethstrasse 91 80797 M nchen Media Contact Johannes Weinsheimer +49- 0 89-5908-2511 jweinsheimer@travelzoo.com PR Newswire Association LLC. Actively discussed topics Microsoft removing Start orb from Windows 8 05 Feb 2012 12 23 Paul Thurrott has posted this week that Microsoft is removing the Start button from Windows 8. There have been reports during the week that the button, which has been a standard on every .... 19 user comments Sony No UMD import program for Vita in the U.S. 07 Feb 2012 23 18 Sony has confirmed today that it will not be making the UMD import program for the PS Vita available to North American fans of the handheld. The UMD Passport Service, available in Japan, .... 15 user comments Gamer dies in Internet cafe, no one notices all day 04 Feb 2012 14 51 A gamer in Taiwan passed away at an Internet cafe last week, and no one noticed for a full 9 hours. Chen Rong-yu, who was 23, suffered and died from a heart attack after playing League of .... 14 user comments Netflix rumored to be tied to Apple HDTV 06 Feb 2012 21 33 Netflix saw its stock rise today after The Verge posted a Best Buy survey that included the still-unconfirmed Apple iTV HDTV being linked to the streaming service. Best Buy surveyed customers .... 13 user comments Galaxy S III to be unveiled at March 22nd event 07 Feb 2012 12 52 The phone had been originally expected to be unveiled at the Mobile World Congress 2012. Last week, Samsung admitted it had to delay the launch of its Galaxy S III Android smartphone, but .... 13 user comments Latest user comments Kodak to stop making digital cameras Jeffrey_P @ 10 Feb 2012 16 03 Samsung expects to sell 25 million \'smart\' TVs this year Blessedon @ 10 Feb 2012 15 10 Microsoft defends Windows 8 walled garden for ARM ThePastor @ 10 Feb 2012 15 01 Microsoft defends Windows 8 walled garden for ARM ChiknLitl @ 10 Feb 2012 14 55 Kodak to stop making digital cameras attar @ 10 Feb 2012 14 41 Samsung expects to sell 25 million \'smart\' TVs this year Notcow @ 10 Feb 2012 13 43 Samsung says new cheap TVs coming in the next few weeks LordRuss @ 10 Feb 2012 12 02 Kodak to stop making digital cameras hearme0 @ 10 Feb 2012 11 49 New Vonage Mobile apps offer free smartphone to smartphone calling hearme0 @ 10 Feb 2012 11 42 Samsung says new cheap TVs coming in the next few weeks xboxdvl2 @ 10 Feb 2012 11 30 Samsung says new cheap TVs coming in the next few weeks LordRuss @ 10 Feb 2012 11 12 More rumors Apple to release 7-inch iPad this year, as well LordRuss @ 10 Feb 2012 11 00 More rumors Apple to release 7-inch iPad this year, as well hearme0 @ 10 Feb 2012 10 46 Samsung expects to sell 25 million \'smart\' TVs this year hearme0 @ 10 Feb 2012 10 43 Samsung says new cheap TVs coming in the next few weeks badmanvan @ 10 Feb 2012 8 31 Germany bans Dead Island zombiekillingmachine @ 10 Feb 2012 7 21 Show more user comments News archive - Choose a month - February, 2012 January, 2012 December, 2011 November, 2011 October, 2011 September, 2011 August, 2011 July, 2011 June, 2011 May, 2011 April, 2011 March, 2011 February, 2011 January, 2011 December, 2010 November, 2010 October, 2010 September, 2010 August, 2010 July, 2010 June, 2010 May, 2010 April, 2010 March, 2010 February, 2010 January, 2010 December, 2009 November, 2009 October, 2009 September, 2009 August, 2009 July, 2009 June, 2009 May, 2009 April, 2009 March, 2009 February, 2009 January, 2009 December, 2008 November, 2008 October, 2008 September, 2008 August, 2008 July, 2008 June, 2008 May, 2008 April, 2008 March, 2008 February, 2008 January, 2008 December, 2007 November, 2007 October, 2007 September, 2007 August, 2007 July, 2007 June, 2007 May, 2007 April, 2007 March, 2007 February, 2007 January, 2007 December, 2006 November, 2006 October, 2006 September, 2006 August, 2006 July, 2006 June, 2006 May, 2006 April, 2006 March, 2006 February, 2006 January, 2006 December, 2005 November, 2005 October, 2005 September, 2005 August, 2005 July, 2005 June, 2005 May, 2005 April, 2005 March, 2005 February, 2005 January, 2005 December, 2004 November, 2004 October, 2004 September, 2004 August, 2004 July, 2004 June, 2004 May, 2004 April, 2004 March, 2004 February, 2004 January, 2004 December, 2003 November, 2003 October, 2003 September, 2003 August, 2003 July, 2003 June, 2003 May, 2003 April, 2003 March, 2003 February, 2003 January, 2003 December, 2002 November, 2002 October, 2002 September, 2002 August, 2002 July, 2002 June, 2002 May, 2002 April, 2002 March, 2002 February, 2002 January, 2002 December, 2001 November, 2001 October, 2001 September, 2001 August, 2001 July, 2001 June, 2001 May, 2001 April, 2001 March, 2001 February, 2001 January, 2001 December, 2000 November, 2000 October, 2000 September, 2000 August, 2000 July, 2000 June, 2000 May, 2000 April, 2000 March, 2000 February, 2000 January, 2000 December, 1999 November, 1999 October, 1999 September, 1999 August, 1999 July, 1999 June, 1999 Subscribe Latest news via RSS Add to your Google homepage Add to My Yahoo! Add to MyMSN Add to Netvibes Subscribe to AfterDawn\'s weekly newsletter . Email address Follow @afterdawn Popular products Kaon KCF-B3001HC Sony PlayStation 3 60GB Starview The Box Super Anysee E30 Combo Plus Humax PVR-9500C LG 42LH3000 Plextor PX-B920SA Asus P5E Intel Pentium D 915 Sony Vaio VGN-FZ29VN Hot forum topics right now video and music problems Restore deleted file from SD card ibm t43 windows xp pro defragging XP disk solved Firefox Navigation bar troubles Registry Error Please help! Blank Office Icons Mac version crashes on launch. Hi, have two HDDS, accidentally installed windows xp to both drives, formatted secondary drive, on start up keep getting prompted which windows I want cannot run subresync More information Contact our media sales team Contact About AfterDawn Ltd Rules, Restrictions, Legal disclaimer & Privacy policy Send Feedback 1999-2012 AfterDawn Oy rev4585 23ms For information about advertising on AfterDawn.com, please contact our media sales team .')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01453', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US" xml lang "en-US"> Home About Contact us Privacy Policy Registration / Login Terms of Service Accounting Auditing Budgeting Arts Entertainment Art Music Beauty Fashion Clothing Cosmetics Jewelry Business Advertising Multimedia Business Opportunities Communication Networking Team Building Customer Service E-Commerce Entrepreneurship Financing Loans Home Business Network Marketing Human Resources Compensation Employee Relations Import Export Non Profit Organizations Project Management Small Business Strategic Planning Tools and Resources Cars and Trucks Motorcycles Vans Cell Phones & Plans Computers Programming Security Web Site Culture and Society Awards Books Reviews Current Affairs Death and Dying Education College and University Homeschooling K-12 Language Scams Shopping Social Issues Divorce Family Elder Care Genealogy Holidays Parenting Children Infants and Toddlers Teenagers Pregnancy and Family Planning Finance Banking Credit Debt Consolidation Mortgage Currency Trading Insurance Investing Leasing Personal Finance Real Estate Taxes Food and Drink Health Diseases and Conditions Acne Cancer Depression Diabetes Hair Loss Multiple Sclerosis Medicine Health Fitness Fitness Weight Loss Yoga Hobbies Photography Home Accessories Gardening Landscaping Home Improvement Interior Design Home Security home theater Humor Internet Blogging Broadband Technologies Audio Podcasting RSS Tools and Resources Email Ezines and Newsletters Free Stuff Fulfillment Search Engines Web Design Graphics Web Development DHTML SSL Templates Web Hosting Webmasters Internet Marketing Adsense Affiliate Programs Article Marketing Link Popularity Pay Per Click Search Engine Marketing Search Engine Optimization Site Promotion Traffic Analysis Viral Marketing Laptops & Notebooks Legal Trademarks Marketing Branding Lead Generation Market Research Marriage News Other Careers & Employment Other Education Personal Development Time Management Pets and Animals Politics Government History Psychology Publishing Self Publishing Recreation and Leisure Entertainment Computer Games Movies Television Outdoors Boating Camping Hunting Sports Baseball Basketball Biking Fishing Football Golf Martial Arts Running Soccer Travel Cruises Religion and Spirituality Christianity Science Technology Electronics Gadgets and Gizmos GPS VOIP Weddings Women\'s Issues Writing Copywriting Writing for the Web Home Computers Having CMMS Having CMMS by Curt Dunkley If you can successfully control and oversee your facilities, you are taking the biggest step toward making a profit. To actually handle all the tasks that come at you, though, is quite difficult to pull off. The best managers will be able to find the right mix of outgoing cost and income. If you re looking for a way to put your inventory tracking on autopilot, you won t find a much better program than a computerized maintenance management system. A computerized maintenance management system works to both calculate and observe how the costs of payroll, mechanical maintenance, and other capital are matching up with your projected budget. Your clients and stockholders will be happy with the CMMS as well, since the program can also help keep track of both quality control and your liability reports, both of which can contribute to customer complaints and unnecessary financial losses. A computerized maintenance management system will serve many functions, including running a task scheduler, making sure all parts of your production process are getting the adequate supplies, managing and tracking your expenses, and making sure incidents that seem out of the ordinary are reported through the proper chain of command. You can get a lot of help for your production plant if you invest in a computerized maintenance management system. There are a number of different types of computerized maintenance management system, so we ll start a quick look at some of the variations now. Inventory control systems are some of the most commonly used computerized maintenance management systems. It will earn its keep by keeping track of what materials and supplies you have on hand and how you can most efficiently utilize said materials. Additional work is done in the storage department, where the inventory control system will develop the most efficient system for keeping your materials, tracking your shipped products, and working with purchase orders. You will also see quite often a program called a safety monitoring system. By using a safety monitoring system, you are helping your company avoid any legal troubles by having readily available documentation concerning all your safety and liability insurance. The safety monitoring computerized maintenance management system is one of the best ways to ensure the complete safety and security of all your people and machinery. A computerized maintenance management system can completely revolutionize your business s ability to run efficiently and safely. You should spend some time investigating the variety of available computerized maintenance management systems, as the ideal one will both serve your company well now and make the growth of your company something to look forward to. Enter hotel maintenance checklist into Ask.com; do you discover what you need The next occasion you enter in hotel maintenance tips , you ll see that these url links are what you really desired! Article Source http //www.articlesforamerica.com Tweet Tags about CMMS , CMMS , Computers , on CMMS Curt Dunkley Get Updates Subscribe to our e-mail newsletter to receive updates. Share This Post Tweet Related Articles CMMS Get CMMS VPS Technology What is a Virtual Private Server What to Expect From The Galaxy S3 The Samsung Galaxy S3 May be Released at The Same Time Than The iPhone 5 YouTube Twitter Facebook RSS Email Top Authors This Week Sandrahopkens 3,151 posts Shawn Houston 148 posts Kevin Smith 135 posts Hannah Gordon 116 posts Raquel Durham 86 posts Popular Latest Reasons To Love Using Pine Items In Your BedRoom Ford Dealership Dallas Region For You Getting the Most from Worn Machines for the Cars What You Need To Know About Personalized Color Wholesale Printing How You Can Improve Your Network Marketing Skills Opposite Osmosis Drinking Water Filters Cleanse Liquids Better Traditional Furniture BRITISH Traditional Shop UNITED KINGDOM Elisabeth Adam Antiques Just What Reverse Osmosis Drinking Water Cooler The Actual Does That Benefit A Person Upcycle Your Property Decorating Along With Craigslist, Ebay Plus More Tips For Artwork A Living Area Table As Well As Chairs Advertising Beauty Business Cars and Trucks Clothing construction contractors DIY drains Education electric Electrical electrician evening dress Family Fashion Finance Fitness flower dress Health heater heating Hobbies Home home and family home improvement Home repair hvac improvement Internet Internet Marketing Legal make money online Marketing party dress plumber plumbing Prom Dresses recreation society Sports Travel wedding dress Weight Loss women Archives Select Month February 2012 10145 1,993 Fans Like 857 Followers Follow Like Us On Facebook Popular Tags Advertising Beauty Business Cars and Trucks Clothing construction contractors DIY drains Education electric Electrical electrician evening dress Family Fashion Finance Fitness flower dress Health heater heating Hobbies Home home and family home improvement Home repair hvac improvement Internet Internet Marketing Legal make money online Marketing party dress plumber plumbing Prom Dresses recreation society Sports Travel wedding dress Weight Loss women Plugin by wpburn.com wordpress themes 2012 Articles For America . All rights reserved. Site Admin Entries RSS Comments RSS')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01454', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US" xml lang "en-US"> Home About Contact us Privacy Policy Registration / Login Terms of Service Accounting Auditing Budgeting Arts Entertainment Art Music Beauty Fashion Clothing Cosmetics Jewelry Business Advertising Multimedia Business Opportunities Communication Networking Team Building Customer Service E-Commerce Entrepreneurship Financing Loans Home Business Network Marketing Human Resources Compensation Employee Relations Import Export Non Profit Organizations Project Management Small Business Strategic Planning Tools and Resources Cars and Trucks Motorcycles Vans Cell Phones & Plans Computers Programming Security Web Site Culture and Society Awards Books Reviews Current Affairs Death and Dying Education College and University Homeschooling K-12 Language Scams Shopping Social Issues Divorce Family Elder Care Genealogy Holidays Parenting Children Infants and Toddlers Teenagers Pregnancy and Family Planning Finance Banking Credit Debt Consolidation Mortgage Currency Trading Insurance Investing Leasing Personal Finance Real Estate Taxes Food and Drink Health Diseases and Conditions Acne Cancer Depression Diabetes Hair Loss Multiple Sclerosis Medicine Health Fitness Fitness Weight Loss Yoga Hobbies Photography Home Accessories Gardening Landscaping Home Improvement Interior Design Home Security home theater Humor Internet Blogging Broadband Technologies Audio Podcasting RSS Tools and Resources Email Ezines and Newsletters Free Stuff Fulfillment Search Engines Web Design Graphics Web Development DHTML SSL Templates Web Hosting Webmasters Internet Marketing Adsense Affiliate Programs Article Marketing Link Popularity Pay Per Click Search Engine Marketing Search Engine Optimization Site Promotion Traffic Analysis Viral Marketing Laptops & Notebooks Legal Trademarks Marketing Branding Lead Generation Market Research Marriage News Other Careers & Employment Other Education Personal Development Time Management Pets and Animals Politics Government History Psychology Publishing Self Publishing Recreation and Leisure Entertainment Computer Games Movies Television Outdoors Boating Camping Hunting Sports Baseball Basketball Biking Fishing Football Golf Martial Arts Running Soccer Travel Cruises Religion and Spirituality Christianity Science Technology Electronics Gadgets and Gizmos GPS VOIP Weddings Women\'s Issues Writing Copywriting Writing for the Web Home Computers VPS Technology What is a Virtual Private Server VPS Technology What is a Virtual Private Server by Yue Wang Many people believe that VPS hosting is the greatest solution for a company s hosting needs but it may be that your understanding of VPS hosting is in need of bolstering or strengthening. A great number of web site owners would agree with this need for further knowledge but VPS hosting is something you can develop your skills in. This is why many people try to take time to learn about what a Virtual Private Server actually does. The simple issue of a VPS hosting solution is how it stands a shared hosting answer or a dedicated hosting answer. This ensures that if a shared hosting option is lacking but a dedicated hosting option is too expensive, help can be found. VPS hosting is the optimum package for many individuals and the benefits of VPS technology are the key factor in that outcome. People that want products such as custom firewalls, dedicated IP addresses or SSH access will realise that VPS hosting is the most sensible purchase for their requirements. The ability to customize on a VPS host is a major bonus for any individual. There is a pleasing value for money result from settling for VPS hosting solutions. VPS is not too difficult a process to learn about and it can be compared to an individual part of a real server. This server is broken down and separated into an array of different sections with an individual section hosting its own operating systems, RAM, bandwidth and even disk space. This leads to a hosting company being able to provide a varied number of VPS packages from one actual server. Each website owner, including a VPS hosting company if they have bought this package, is handed their own space and will only receive access to their sector. Web hosts have the right to install programmes on this component as they decide, allowing to take full control of their server. About Yue Wang Yue Wang is a professional writer in the VPS linux space and an a server administrator for SolarVPS.com Article Source http //www.articlesforamerica.com Tweet Tags Computers , linux hosting , vpa web hosting , VPS , vps hosting , windows hosting Yue Wang Get Updates Subscribe to our e-mail newsletter to receive updates. Share This Post Tweet Related Articles CMMS Get CMMS What to Expect From The Galaxy S3 Having CMMS The Samsung Galaxy S3 May be Released at The Same Time Than The iPhone 5 YouTube Twitter Facebook RSS Email Top Authors This Week Sandrahopkens 3,151 posts Shawn Houston 148 posts Kevin Smith 135 posts Hannah Gordon 116 posts Raquel Durham 86 posts Popular Latest Reasons To Love Using Pine Items In Your BedRoom Ford Dealership Dallas Region For You Getting the Most from Worn Machines for the Cars What You Need To Know About Personalized Color Wholesale Printing How You Can Improve Your Network Marketing Skills Opposite Osmosis Drinking Water Filters Cleanse Liquids Better Traditional Furniture BRITISH Traditional Shop UNITED KINGDOM Elisabeth Adam Antiques Just What Reverse Osmosis Drinking Water Cooler The Actual Does That Benefit A Person Upcycle Your Property Decorating Along With Craigslist, Ebay Plus More Tips For Artwork A Living Area Table As Well As Chairs Advertising Beauty Business Cars and Trucks Clothing construction contractors DIY drains Education electric Electrical electrician evening dress Family Fashion Finance Fitness flower dress Health heater heating Hobbies Home home and family home improvement Home repair hvac improvement Internet Internet Marketing Legal make money online Marketing party dress plumber plumbing Prom Dresses recreation society Sports Travel wedding dress Weight Loss women Archives Select Month February 2012 10145 1,993 Fans Like 857 Followers Follow Like Us On Facebook Popular Tags Advertising Beauty Business Cars and Trucks Clothing construction contractors DIY drains Education electric Electrical electrician evening dress Family Fashion Finance Fitness flower dress Health heater heating Hobbies Home home and family home improvement Home repair hvac improvement Internet Internet Marketing Legal make money online Marketing party dress plumber plumbing Prom Dresses recreation society Sports Travel wedding dress Weight Loss women Plugin by wpburn.com wordpress themes 2012 Articles For America . All rights reserved. Site Admin Entries RSS Comments RSS')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01455', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US" xml lang "en-US"> Home About Contact us Privacy Policy Registration / Login Terms of Service Arts Entertainment Art Music Beauty Fashion Clothing Cosmetics Jewelry Business Advertising Multimedia Communication Customer Service E-Commerce Entrepreneurship Financing Loans Home Business Network Marketing Human Resources Employee Relations Small Business Strategic Planning Tools and Resources Cars and Trucks Cell Phones & Plans Computers Programming Culture and Society Awards Books Education College and University Homeschooling Language Shopping Social Issues desktops Divorce Environment Family Elder Care Holidays Parenting Children Teenagers Pregnancy and Family Planning Finance Banking Credit Currency Trading Insurance Leasing Real Estate Taxes Wealth Building Food and Drink Recipes Wine and Spirits Health Alternative Medicine Diseases and Conditions Acne Cancer Depression Diabetes Medicine Meditation Nutrition Supplements and Vitamins Health Fitness Fitness Muscle Building Weight Loss Yoga Hobbies Home Accessories Gardening Landscaping Home Improvement Interior Design Humor Internet Blogging Tools and Resources Email Online Auctions Search Engines Web Design Internet Marketing Affiliate Programs Click Bank Link Popularity Pay Per Click Search Engine Marketing Search Engine Optimization Site Promotion Traffic Analysis Viral Marketing Laptops & Notebooks Legal Marketing Branding Lead Generation Marriage Motivational News Other Careers & Employment Personal Development Advice Coaching Stress Management Time Management Pets and Animals Politics Government History printers Recreation and Leisure Entertainment Movies Television Outdoors Boating Sports Baseball Basketball Fishing Golf Martial Arts Travel Cruises Religion and Spirituality Faith Science Speaking Technology Gadgets and Gizmos GPS Uncategorized Weddings Women\'s Issues Writing Quotes Home Legal Career Talk A day In the Life Of A Lawyer Career Talk A day In the Life Of A Lawyer by Christine Jackson A lawyer is a person who s authorized by the state or nation to practice law, give advice to his or her clients and represent their legal matters in the courts. According to classes or ranks of jurists lawyers may be designated as advocate, lawyer, barrister, counselor and solicitor. A lawyer has to study law and new laws on a regular basis to stay as much as date to be able to protect their clients. This really is the fundamentals of a profession in law, protecting your client s freedoms and rights. Each day In the Life Of A Lawyer. 1. Get ready to travel Lawyers spend most of their time in offices and courtrooms. They travel to meet their clients wherever they re and houses, company locations, even emergency rooms in hospitals and state or federal prisons can be a fairly normal visit depending on which region in the law a lawyer is involved. They also travel different locations for meetings and to gather proof or evidence for their case that they are able to submit towards the courts, legislative bodies, or to other high authorities in the law. two. Irregular work hours may be the norm Lawyers quite often have irregular function schedules and even work for several hours in discussing with customers or preparing the briefs in the case during non office hours. 3. Back to the studying board A lawyer is also referred to as an attorney who acts each as an advocate and an advisor in society. The advocates represent certainly one of their clients in criminal or civil trials by arguing and presenting evidence towards the court to protect their client. However the advisors give advice to their customers concerning their business and legal individual matters. All of the lawyers, whether or not an advocate or an advisor, need to study the purpose of laws and judicial choices to apply them within the critical circumstances faced by their customers. The most essential aspect is the fact that a lawyer s job depends extremely a lot upon his or her own field of specialization and position. All this demands continual studying. Kinds of Lawyers You will find allot of locations to specialize in as a lawyer. This list isn t exhaustive but covers some of the most popular fields you will be able to specialize into if becoming a lawyer. Immigration lawyer, wrongful death, visitors, tax, software program, social security, securities, personal injury lawyers, patent, nursing home, mesothelioma, medical malpractice, malpractice, litigation, international, insurance, injury, fraud, employment, dwi, dui, divorce, defense, criminal, construction, corporate, compensation, automobile accident, bankruptcy, auto accident, assault and asbestos lawyers. How to Become a Lawyer To become a lawyer you will need to attend law school via a college or university following your high school research. You will find some online law schools that provide the complete Juris Doctor [JD] applications which do not require taking the law school admission test [LSAT]. It s not essential to quit your job to turn out to be a lawyer. There are special JD programs for all those students who are interested in working in the exact same time as pursuing their education in their spare time. Merely conduct further research on-line by searching for the key phrases of online law degrees or juris degree from home with quotes about the keywords. Aniz Manji Aniz Manji reports that Americans who were on the cruise ship that sank off the coast of Italy, and who want to sue may have some problems. Go here for more Aniz Manji Article Source http //www.articlesforaustralia.com.au Tweet Tags Legal Christine Jackson Get Updates Subscribe to our e-mail newsletter to receive updates. Share This Post Tweet Related Articles Car Accident Attorney Describes No-Fault Insurance About Your Divorce Going Through A Divorce Today What is a Criminal Defense Lawyer Contingency Costs and Personal Injury Court actions YouTube Twitter Facebook RSS Email Top Authors This Week brucehopkens 945 posts Buford Cravens 29 posts Adam Ellis 27 posts Margery Sanchez 24 posts John Jones 21 posts Popular Latest Business Promotional Gifts Using Advertising Wisely Understanding More about an Education Online Degree Promotional Company Gifts Combining Quality with Quantity Advertising Promotional Products Just One More Service NYC Can Offer Down the memory lane with Brisbane Wedding Photographers Business Promotional Gifts Using Advertising Wisely Understanding More about an Education Online Degree Promotional Company Gifts Combining Quality with Quantity Advertising Promotional Products Just One More Service NYC Can Offer Down the memory lane with Brisbane Wedding Photographers Advertising any Business cars Cars and Trucks Clothing diet disease Education Environment evening dress exercise Family Finance Fitness flower dress Food and Drink Gardening Health health and fitness Health fitness Hobbies Home home improvement insurance quotes Internet lifestyle Marketing movers moving Outdoors party dress Prom Dresses Real Estate recreation relocating relocation self improvement Sports Technology Travel Vehicles wedding dress Weight Loss women Archives Select Month February 2012 2536 1,274 Fans Like 85 Followers Follow Like Us On Facebook Popular Tags Advertising any Business cars Cars and Trucks Clothing diet disease Education Environment evening dress exercise Family Finance Fitness flower dress Food and Drink Gardening Health health and fitness Health fitness Hobbies Home home improvement insurance quotes Internet lifestyle Marketing movers moving Outdoors party dress Prom Dresses Real Estate recreation relocating relocation self improvement Sports Technology Travel Vehicles wedding dress Weight Loss women Plugin by wpburn.com wordpress themes 2012 Articles For Australia . All rights reserved. Site Admin Entries RSS Comments RSS')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01456', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US" xml lang "en-US"> Home About Contact us Privacy Policy Registration / Login Terms of Service Arts Entertainment Art Music Beauty Fashion Clothing Cosmetics Jewelry Business Advertising Multimedia Communication Customer Service E-Commerce Entrepreneurship Financing Loans Home Business Network Marketing Human Resources Employee Relations Small Business Strategic Planning Tools and Resources Cars and Trucks Cell Phones & Plans Computers Programming Culture and Society Awards Books Education College and University Homeschooling Language Shopping Social Issues desktops Divorce Environment Family Elder Care Holidays Parenting Children Teenagers Pregnancy and Family Planning Finance Banking Credit Currency Trading Insurance Leasing Real Estate Taxes Wealth Building Food and Drink Recipes Wine and Spirits Health Alternative Medicine Diseases and Conditions Acne Cancer Depression Diabetes Medicine Meditation Nutrition Supplements and Vitamins Health Fitness Fitness Muscle Building Weight Loss Yoga Hobbies Home Accessories Gardening Landscaping Home Improvement Interior Design Humor Internet Blogging Tools and Resources Email Online Auctions Search Engines Web Design Internet Marketing Affiliate Programs Click Bank Link Popularity Pay Per Click Search Engine Marketing Search Engine Optimization Site Promotion Traffic Analysis Viral Marketing Laptops & Notebooks Legal Marketing Branding Lead Generation Marriage Motivational News Other Careers & Employment Personal Development Advice Coaching Stress Management Time Management Pets and Animals Politics Government History printers Recreation and Leisure Entertainment Movies Television Outdoors Boating Sports Baseball Basketball Fishing Golf Martial Arts Travel Cruises Religion and Spirituality Faith Science Speaking Technology Gadgets and Gizmos GPS Uncategorized Weddings Women\'s Issues Writing Quotes Home Family Counting With Bean Bag Chairs Counting With Bean Bag Chairs by Warren Harmon Perhaps you have looked at simply how much bean bag chairs can alter how you spend time for yourself with your ex girlfriend ones Let us count the ways using Love Sacks for adults and children that exist in the market. You will find goods that accommodate 1. A twelve-pound beanbag chair can support a kid that s under 4 feet. For teens who like to sit and play game titles, 3-feet wide and 1-foot high bean bags can give them the trunk support to get a comfortable position so that they cope with each amount of the game effectively. Love Sacks also offers the answer for your tiny spaces. Manufacturers know that a grownup would also want to benefit from the comfort that the bean bag provides. Manufacturers feel that in one corner of the every room, 4-feet wide and a pair of.5-feet high bean bag would sit perfectly. Beanbags let you share. You ll find designs that will accommodate two to three adult individuals. The bean bag chairs for the purpose can be 5 to eight feet wide and a pair of to a few feet high. Varying weights range from 40 to 95 pounds. Yes, by using these dimension, there isn t any cause never to share and enjoy the chair with family or friends. There exists a beanbag sort very similar to a double bed that weighs about 35 pounds. It feels safe by sitting on but is more relaxing as a result of rocker frame. Some packages enable you to get this Love Sacks item with pillows and blanket. Have you been in a position to count You ve a minimum of 5 methods to experience true comfort and relaxation regardless if you are alone or with pals. All these are possible due to the premium shredded durafoam that s in each one of the bean bag chairs, bearing the guarantee that it ll in no way go flat, break or even tear. Much more items to know will be the materials for that beanbag covers. The fabrics are constructed with different supplies that are machine washable so cleaning becomes easy. The Love Sacks come in different styles and packages you may love. You may have a plain circular beanbag. There are the ones that have a beverage holder along with a tube pillow. Nevertheless some come with an ottoman kind of bean bag that becomes section of the package. Every thing about bean bag chairs can be a item of cautious thinking. To count the methods to provide a customer is satisfaction that you ll continually count over time ahead. Love Sacks can show you different ways to enjoy the bean bag chairs they sell. Article Source http //www.articlesforaustralia.com.au Tweet Tags bean bag chairs , Family Warren Harmon Get Updates Subscribe to our e-mail newsletter to receive updates. Share This Post Tweet Related Articles Learning Parenting Style Chicago Starter s Instruction Evolution Of Replacement Windows Cleaning Up After A Catastrophe Pulls, Knobs & Other Kitchen Hardware YouTube Twitter Facebook RSS Email Top Authors This Week brucehopkens 945 posts Buford Cravens 29 posts Adam Ellis 27 posts Margery Sanchez 24 posts John Jones 21 posts Popular Latest Business Promotional Gifts Using Advertising Wisely Understanding More about an Education Online Degree Promotional Company Gifts Combining Quality with Quantity Advertising Promotional Products Just One More Service NYC Can Offer Down the memory lane with Brisbane Wedding Photographers Business Promotional Gifts Using Advertising Wisely Understanding More about an Education Online Degree Promotional Company Gifts Combining Quality with Quantity Advertising Promotional Products Just One More Service NYC Can Offer Down the memory lane with Brisbane Wedding Photographers Advertising any Business cars Cars and Trucks Clothing diet disease Education Environment evening dress exercise Family Finance Fitness flower dress Food and Drink Gardening Health health and fitness Health fitness Hobbies Home home improvement insurance quotes Internet lifestyle Marketing movers moving Outdoors party dress Prom Dresses Real Estate recreation relocating relocation self improvement Sports Technology Travel Vehicles wedding dress Weight Loss women Archives Select Month February 2012 2536 1,274 Fans Like 85 Followers Follow Like Us On Facebook Popular Tags Advertising any Business cars Cars and Trucks Clothing diet disease Education Environment evening dress exercise Family Finance Fitness flower dress Food and Drink Gardening Health health and fitness Health fitness Hobbies Home home improvement insurance quotes Internet lifestyle Marketing movers moving Outdoors party dress Prom Dresses Real Estate recreation relocating relocation self improvement Sports Technology Travel Vehicles wedding dress Weight Loss women Plugin by wpburn.com wordpress themes 2012 Articles For Australia . All rights reserved. Site Admin Entries RSS Comments RSS')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01457', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US" xml lang "en-US"> Home About Contact us Privacy Policy Registration / Login Terms of Service Arts Entertainment Art Music Beauty Fashion Clothing Cosmetics Jewelry Business Advertising Multimedia Communication Customer Service E-Commerce Entrepreneurship Financing Loans Home Business Network Marketing Human Resources Employee Relations Small Business Strategic Planning Tools and Resources Cars and Trucks Cell Phones & Plans Computers Programming Culture and Society Awards Books Education College and University Homeschooling Language Shopping Social Issues desktops Divorce Environment Family Elder Care Holidays Parenting Children Teenagers Pregnancy and Family Planning Finance Banking Credit Currency Trading Insurance Leasing Real Estate Taxes Wealth Building Food and Drink Recipes Wine and Spirits Health Alternative Medicine Diseases and Conditions Acne Cancer Depression Diabetes Medicine Meditation Nutrition Supplements and Vitamins Health Fitness Fitness Muscle Building Weight Loss Yoga Hobbies Home Accessories Gardening Landscaping Home Improvement Interior Design Humor Internet Blogging Tools and Resources Email Online Auctions Search Engines Web Design Internet Marketing Affiliate Programs Click Bank Link Popularity Pay Per Click Search Engine Marketing Search Engine Optimization Site Promotion Traffic Analysis Viral Marketing Laptops & Notebooks Legal Marketing Branding Lead Generation Marriage Motivational News Other Careers & Employment Personal Development Advice Coaching Stress Management Time Management Pets and Animals Politics Government History printers Recreation and Leisure Entertainment Movies Television Outdoors Boating Sports Baseball Basketball Fishing Golf Martial Arts Travel Cruises Religion and Spirituality Faith Science Speaking Technology Gadgets and Gizmos GPS Uncategorized Weddings Women\'s Issues Writing Quotes Home Family Discover the technology that goes into protecting you and your family home Discover the technology that goes into protecting you and your family home by Ian Richardson The Definitions of Fire Glass When standard untreated glass comes into contact with elevated temperatures and the intense pressure due to a fire it will more frequently than not buckle under the extreme pressure and will crack or shatter completely and in some cases explode. If this glass were to be part of a door it could be devastating for the inhabitants of a building as the shattering glass could cause injury to person and property. There\'s also the extra danger that any crack in the tumbler of a door could cause the door, which would be otherwise providing an insulating barrier against flames or smoke, to lose its integrity and let damaging fire thru where it\'d cause harm or just allow smoke to go through the frame and cause damage to person and property. Specifically Treated Glass For reasons of private and property safety, as well as the law which rules public safety and building and business owners as a part of health and safety regulation as well as the Regulatory Reform Fire Safety Order 2006, it\'s important that any doors can withstand fire. It stands to reason that any glass which is utilized in doors, especially those which are labelled and classed as fire doors with glass, have received special treatment and are able to bear the effects of a fire, however serious it could be. When it is considered that untreated glass can bear temperatures of nearly 200c whilst tempered glass can withstand 500f and fireproof glass is able to put up with temperatures up to 1600f it is no wonder that home and business owners favor safety as well as adhering to their legal necessities when it comes to purchasing fire doors with glass . How is Glass Treated There are a bunch of ways that glass can be dealt with to give it the abilities which would be needed to allow it to stand up to the high temperature and pressure which can often be made by a fire. Given the temperature of a fire can rise significantly inside an exceedingly short period of time it\'s important that fire doors with glass are able to work immediately and can be certain to function in even the most extreme fire scenarios. The various coatings which are a part of the manufacturing process are being continually developed and tested by experienced and qualified fire engineers in lab conditions which mimic real life fire conditions to make certain that at all times the door and accordingly the glass contained inside fire doors with glass may be able to ensure at least a 30 minute integrity and insulation period of time in the face of fire which would mark them out as an FD30 certified door. Ian Richardson is the 1 expert in UK Double Glazing Industry.Having worked with the 1 names and brands in the biss for the last 15 years 1 ideally position to provide, practical and 1 information to any individual requiring itFusion Doors are the UK leading provider and installer of the best quality composite doors FD30 & FD 60 fire doors for homes and dwellings in the country. For Detailed data on choosing the perfect fire rated doorsSupplying both front doors and back doors, Fusion is the number one rated external doors company, open 7 days each week from 8am to 8pm.Fusion s site can let you design and price your new door, at no cost online, whats more you can have them fitted in 7 days! Article Source http //www.articlesforaustralia.com.au Tweet Tags composite fire doors , Family , fd30 fire door , fd30 fire doors , fire door , fire doors , fire doors with glass , fire glass Ian Richardson Get Updates Subscribe to our e-mail newsletter to receive updates. Share This Post Tweet Related Articles Learning Parenting Style Chicago Starter s Instruction Evolution Of Replacement Windows Cleaning Up After A Catastrophe Pulls, Knobs & Other Kitchen Hardware YouTube Twitter Facebook RSS Email Top Authors This Week brucehopkens 945 posts Buford Cravens 29 posts Adam Ellis 27 posts Margery Sanchez 24 posts John Jones 21 posts Popular Latest Business Promotional Gifts Using Advertising Wisely Understanding More about an Education Online Degree Promotional Company Gifts Combining Quality with Quantity Advertising Promotional Products Just One More Service NYC Can Offer Down the memory lane with Brisbane Wedding Photographers Business Promotional Gifts Using Advertising Wisely Understanding More about an Education Online Degree Promotional Company Gifts Combining Quality with Quantity Advertising Promotional Products Just One More Service NYC Can Offer Down the memory lane with Brisbane Wedding Photographers Advertising any Business cars Cars and Trucks Clothing diet disease Education Environment evening dress exercise Family Finance Fitness flower dress Food and Drink Gardening Health health and fitness Health fitness Hobbies Home home improvement insurance quotes Internet lifestyle Marketing movers moving Outdoors party dress Prom Dresses Real Estate recreation relocating relocation self improvement Sports Technology Travel Vehicles wedding dress Weight Loss women Archives Select Month February 2012 2536 1,274 Fans Like 85 Followers Follow Like Us On Facebook Popular Tags Advertising any Business cars Cars and Trucks Clothing diet disease Education Environment evening dress exercise Family Finance Fitness flower dress Food and Drink Gardening Health health and fitness Health fitness Hobbies Home home improvement insurance quotes Internet lifestyle Marketing movers moving Outdoors party dress Prom Dresses Real Estate recreation relocating relocation self improvement Sports Technology Travel Vehicles wedding dress Weight Loss women Plugin by wpburn.com wordpress themes 2012 Articles For Australia . All rights reserved. Site Admin Entries RSS Comments RSS')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01459', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US" xml lang "en-US"> Home About Contact us Privacy Policy Registration / Login Terms of Service Arts Entertainment Music Beauty Fashion Clothing Cosmetics Jewelry Business Advertising Multimedia Communication Team Building E-Commerce Entrepreneurship Financing Loans Home Business Network Marketing Human Resources Small Business Strategic Planning Cars and Trucks Motorcycles Cell Phones & Plans Computers Culture and Society Awards Books Education College and University Homeschooling K-12 Language Shopping Social Issues desktops Divorce Environment Family Elder Care Holidays Parenting Children Pregnancy and Family Planning Finance Credit Mortgage Currency Trading Insurance Investing Leasing Personal Finance Real Estate Selling Taxes Wealth Building financial services Food and Drink Recipes Wine and Spirits Health Alternative Medicine Diseases and Conditions Acne Cancer Depression Medicine Meditation Nutrition Supplements and Vitamins Wellness Health Fitness Hobbies Home Accessories Gardening Landscaping Home Improvement Interior Design home theater Humor Internet Blogging Tools and Resources Email Online Auctions Search Engines Web Design Web Development DHTML SSL Templates Internet Marketing Affiliate Programs Link Popularity Pay Per Click Search Engine Marketing Search Engine Optimization Site Promotion Traffic Analysis Viral Marketing Legal Marketing Branding Marriage Motivational Other Careers & Employment Personal Development Advice Coaching Goal Setting Stress Management Time Management Pets and Animals Places Travelling Articles Destinations Politics Government printers Recreation and Leisure Entertainment Computer Games Movies Television Outdoors Sports Basketball Fishing Golf Martial Arts Soccer Travel Cruises Science Technology Gadgets and Gizmos GPS Satellite Radio Uncategorized Weddings Writing Quotes Home Family The Significance of Mental Arithmetic for Kinder Students The Significance of Mental Arithmetic for Kinder Students by Sam Roxas Some parents and teachers think that mental arithmetic for kinder students is a unnecessary complication to the lives of these young kids. They believe that kinder students should not have to fret about memorizing ideas or that kind of thing at such a young age. They should be out in the playing areas playing and being youngsters. Well, all of these are true! But is mental arithmetic for kinder students actually a complication Is it really something that\'s too early to expose kids at Well, the easy answer\'s no. If you\'d like to discover more about mental arithmetic for kinder students, then you will need to read this work. In particular, we\'re going to discuss the different scientific studies that prove mental arithmetic for kinder scholars are good and some more benefits your kid can get from it. Mental mathematics for more kind students is typically misunderstood as being too classy for the mind of a 5 years old. But science begs to differ. Are you aware that a human being s final time for learning occurs in the first 3 years of life. During this time, 70% of the brain is developed. From four years old to five, 20% more is developed. And by the age of 7, the brain is absolutely grown and developed. Ever wondered as to why they assert kids absorb stuff like a sponge to water Well, that\'s why. Psychological arithmetic for more kind is essentially a very nice way to help your children find out more about math. In this time, they wouldn\'t be too exposed with the traditional method of learning and teaching, thus, making it easier for them to develop the right methods of learning. Plenty of scholars are exposed to the wrong methods of learning. Heck, the truth is, we are all not conscious of how to learn. Faculties or teachers don\'t teach a student how to learn. They just teach idea but rarely will you find someone that will teach you the way the brain works, how it processes information and how we remember things. With mental arithmetic for kinder scholars, they are going to learn about all that. That is, naturally, if you found the right teacher or mental mathematics book for your youngsters. Psychological arithmetic for kinder students can actually help them realize that there is a system to learning more efficiently and quicker. This will permit them to finish all of their jobs or homework less complicated and at less the time. Mental arithmetic for kinder student can sound a little like something complicated and quite frankly, scary. But if you do more research there s more about mental arithmetic than what s written here , you\'ll find that it is a very good and smart option for your kids. And then, they could go out, enjoy, play and act the way youngsters should act. Find out more about Mental Arithmetic for Kinder by visiting the site Genius Child . Article Source http //www.articlesforcanada.ca Tweet Tags Family Sam Roxas Get Updates Subscribe to our e-mail newsletter to receive updates. Share This Post Tweet Related Articles Horse Coat Supplement And Making Use Of Herbs As Your Own House Remedy How You Can Choose A Furnace Why Alkaline Foods Are Better For You Timber Coating Protecting The Timber From Damage How to choose a better Welding QLD firm YouTube Twitter Facebook RSS Email Top Authors This Week KellyMore 1,451 posts Margery Sanchez 30 posts Adam Ellis 23 posts Buford Cravens 20 posts John Jones 20 posts Popular Latest The Secret to keep Normal Glucose Levels Home Improvement Does Not Have To Be Expensive Electronic Cigarette A guide to Greatly improved Lifestyle British Cuisine Tooth Whitening Using a Few First-Class Guidelines The Secret to keep Normal Glucose Levels Home Improvement Does Not Have To Be Expensive Electronic Cigarette A guide to Greatly improved Lifestyle British Cuisine Tooth Whitening Using a Few First-Class Guidelines acne cure acne treatments Advertising all any automobiles autos Business cars Cars and Trucks clear skin Clothing diet Education evening dress exercise face mask Family Finance Fitness flower dress Food and Drink Health health and fitness Hobbies Home home improvement Internet laser acne make money online Marketing microdermabrasion party dress Prom Dresses Search Engine Optimization society Sports Travel Vehicles water filters wedding dress Weight Loss women wooden furniture work from home Archives Select Month February 2012 2863 1,275 Fans Like 55 Followers Follow Like Us On Facebook Popular Tags acne cure acne treatments Advertising all any automobiles autos Business cars Cars and Trucks clear skin Clothing diet Education evening dress exercise face mask Family Finance Fitness flower dress Food and Drink Health health and fitness Hobbies Home home improvement Internet laser acne make money online Marketing microdermabrasion party dress Prom Dresses Search Engine Optimization society Sports Travel Vehicles water filters wedding dress Weight Loss women wooden furniture work from home Plugin by wpburn.com wordpress themes 2012 Articles For Canada . All rights reserved. Site Admin Entries RSS Comments RSS')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01460', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US" xml lang "en-US"> Home About Contact us Privacy Policy Registration / Login Terms of Service Arts Entertainment Art Music Beauty Fashion Clothing Jewelry Business Advertising Multimedia Communication Customer Service E-Commerce Financing Loans Home Business Network Marketing Human Resources Strategic Planning Tools and Resources Cars and Trucks Cell Phones & Plans Computers Culture and Society Awards Books Education College and University Homeschooling K-12 Language Shopping Social Issues Divorce Environment Family Elder Care Holidays Parenting Children Infants and Toddlers Teenagers Pregnancy and Family Planning Finance Credit Mortgage Currency Trading Insurance Investing Leasing Real Estate Wealth Building financial services Food and Drink Recipes Wine and Spirits Health Alternative Medicine Diseases and Conditions Acne Cancer Depression Diabetes Medicine Meditation Nutrition Supplements and Vitamins Wellness Health Fitness Hobbies Photography Home Accessories Gardening Landscaping Home Improvement Interior Design Organizing Home Security Humor Internet Blogging Tools and Resources Email Search Engines Web Design Web Development SSL Templates Internet Marketing Affiliate Programs Link Popularity Pay Per Click Search Engine Marketing Search Engine Optimization Site Promotion Traffic Analysis Viral Marketing Laptops & Notebooks Legal Marketing Branding Marriage Motivational News Other Careers & Employment Personal Development Advice Coaching Goal Setting Stress Management Time Management Pets and Animals Places Travelling Articles Destinations Politics Government History printers Recreation and Leisure Entertainment Movies Television Outdoors Boating Sports Basketball Fishing Golf Martial Arts Running Soccer Travel Cruises Technology Electronics Gadgets and Gizmos GPS Satellite Radio Uncategorized Weddings Women\'s Issues Writing Copywriting Writing for the Web Quotes Home Coaching A Big Difference in pupils results after having a math tutor A Big Difference in pupils results after having a math tutor by Dalip Somal Does your son or daughter need to have math tutoring It is absolutely nothing to become embarrassed with. Mathematics is one of those subjects a large number of individuals have trouble with. While some folks are whizzes using numerical equations, for others it appears as if the tutors are communicating a foreign language. Every person s brain is unique. For some individuals, geometry, algebra and also calculus can be a snap nonetheless they cannot create a good dissertation for that lifetime of them. For other people, they may be capable to publish sonnets while sleeping, however count out arithmetic problems on their own fingers. For your numbers-are-challenging group, hand calculators might be as indispensable as spectacles. It isn t the individuals are devoid of thinking ability; they re merely wired differently. Charles Darwin, the science-brained genius which masterminded the theory of evolution, was one wise gentleman. Yet were you aware that this scientist extraordinaire could not graduate from college because he couldn t pass his English examinations It s true. Many people get math brains yet others have literary brains unusual exceptions possess both. If your little one falls into the non-math whiz group, then just relax. She or he just needs some math tutoring. With the aid of a tutor, any striving pupil of numbers could progress in his or her training programmes. Mathematics is probably the subject that needs to be completely realized at each and every point. The Key Reason Why it is important is really because the next step associated with studying will likely be built around the active first step toward knowledge. When the foundation s unstable, the next level will probably be even shakier. When a particular person starts to sense lost with this subject material, he or she might lose self-confidence and begin to dislike the class. If this sounds like a high school student, she or he may turn to miss school or perhaps hide in the bathroom to stop the particular distress of flunking. If your youngster is an elementary school student, she or he may well start getting unwell all the tension. A tutor may fix the building blocks of knowledge and give the struggler back their self-assurance. Because standardized education and learning is targeted on the group, individuals get forgotten. Lecturers typically lack time and energy to supply added TLC to the strugglers of the class. That is where tutors are available. Parents could employ a one-on-one instructor for their kid. This can be a present that keeps on providing, due to the fact after the youngster draws up, he or she can take care of the classmates as well as get back self-confidence. Math tutoring venue possibilities may be inside a storefront, inside a room at the school set aside for this reason or perhaps in the child s own house. Numerous services provide in-home instructors who are authorities in calculus, geometry, as well as standard mathematics to get these battling students on top of things. There are numerous choices to enhance a person s base of knowledge in order to proceed steadily ahead in class. We re not skilled in each and every subject but with a bit of added help, each can still do well at school. If mathematics is a individuals poor spot, arranging for math tutoring can turn his / her report card as well as confidence around. Want to find out more about math tutor , then visit My site on how to choose the best Adam Wes Math Academics for your needs. Article Source http //www.articlesforuk.co.uk Tweet Tags Adam Wes , Coaching , Elementary Math , Math tutor , Math Tutoring Dalip Somal Get Updates Subscribe to our e-mail newsletter to receive updates. Share This Post Tweet Related Articles Change your Life with NLP Life Coaching Courses The Secret To Attain Your Goals Find A Life Coach The Empowering Benefits of NLP Training Life Coaching Courses Make Dreams Come True NLP Mixed With Life Coaching Courses YouTube Twitter Facebook RSS Email Top Authors This Week MorganSandler 1,421 posts Margery Sanchez 27 posts Adam Ellis 25 posts John Jones 25 posts Buford Cravens 23 posts Popular Latest Seeking The Excellent Inflatable Waters Toys Hong Kong s Doll Exports Increase 1 Percent Batch That We Get Or Space China And Taiwan Brought About Hall Equipment And Lighting LED Area Lighting Fixtures Toys R Us Within 2006 Rated 15 Favorite Toys Space Toys R Us, Popular Doll, Top The Particular Model Business Important Things About Walkie-talkie Stereos For Just A Business Enterprise The Way To Get Your Sons Or Daughters To Listen Toys R Us Within 2006 Rated 15 Favorite Toys Space Toys R Us, Popular Doll, Top The Particular Model Business Hong Kong s Doll Exports Increase 1 Percent Batch That We Get Or Space China And Taiwan Brought About Hall Equipment And Lighting LED Area Lighting Fixtures Seeking The Excellent Inflatable Waters Toys Important Things About Walkie-talkie Stereos For Just A Business Enterprise How Must Central Heating Boiler Work acne lesions Advertising benzoyl peroxide Business call center cars Cars and Trucks Clothing diet disease Education Environment evening dress exercise Family Fashion Finance Fitness flower dress Food and Drink Gardening Health health and fitness Hobbies Home home improvement illness Internet Lead Generation lifestyle Marketing Outdoors party dress Prom Dresses recreation Search Engine Optimization self improvement skin care Sports Travel Vehicles virtual assistants wedding dress Weight Loss women Archives Select Month February 2012 3012 1,264 Fans Like 97 Followers Follow Like Us On Facebook Popular Tags acne lesions Advertising benzoyl peroxide Business call center cars Cars and Trucks Clothing diet disease Education Environment evening dress exercise Family Fashion Finance Fitness flower dress Food and Drink Gardening Health health and fitness Hobbies Home home improvement illness Internet Lead Generation lifestyle Marketing Outdoors party dress Prom Dresses recreation Search Engine Optimization self improvement skin care Sports Travel Vehicles virtual assistants wedding dress Weight Loss women Plugin by wpburn.com wordpress themes 2012 Articles For UK . All rights reserved. Site Admin Entries RSS Comments RSS')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01461', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US" xml lang "en-US"> Home About Contact us Privacy Policy Registration / Login Terms of Service Arts Entertainment Art Music Beauty Fashion Clothing Jewelry Business Advertising Multimedia Communication Customer Service E-Commerce Financing Loans Home Business Network Marketing Human Resources Strategic Planning Tools and Resources Cars and Trucks Cell Phones & Plans Computers Culture and Society Awards Books Education College and University Homeschooling K-12 Language Shopping Social Issues Divorce Environment Family Elder Care Holidays Parenting Children Infants and Toddlers Teenagers Pregnancy and Family Planning Finance Credit Mortgage Currency Trading Insurance Investing Leasing Real Estate Wealth Building financial services Food and Drink Recipes Wine and Spirits Health Alternative Medicine Diseases and Conditions Acne Cancer Depression Diabetes Medicine Meditation Nutrition Supplements and Vitamins Wellness Health Fitness Hobbies Photography Home Accessories Gardening Landscaping Home Improvement Interior Design Organizing Home Security Humor Internet Blogging Tools and Resources Email Search Engines Web Design Web Development SSL Templates Internet Marketing Affiliate Programs Link Popularity Pay Per Click Search Engine Marketing Search Engine Optimization Site Promotion Traffic Analysis Viral Marketing Laptops & Notebooks Legal Marketing Branding Marriage Motivational News Other Careers & Employment Personal Development Advice Coaching Goal Setting Stress Management Time Management Pets and Animals Places Travelling Articles Destinations Politics Government History printers Recreation and Leisure Entertainment Movies Television Outdoors Boating Sports Basketball Fishing Golf Martial Arts Running Soccer Travel Cruises Technology Electronics Gadgets and Gizmos GPS Satellite Radio Uncategorized Weddings Women\'s Issues Writing Copywriting Writing for the Web Quotes Home Business Corporate Promotional Gifts You ve Come a Long Way, Baby Corporate Promotional Gifts You ve Come a Long Way, Baby by Troy Truman The practice of employing corporate promotional gifts has been around for a really extended time. Thanks to modern day advances, the gifts have come improved from plain calendars. Now staff can supply their staff wonderful gifts that also advertise the firm normal. Not merely are these gifts enjoyable, but they serve a practical purpose too. New York, NY is well-known for its industry of advertising anybody walking down Times Square can attest to that. NYC gives over over-the-top advertising, even so. It really is house to a lot of organizations that supply organizations with special gifts that display logos and slogans. On the list of newest methods of innovating corporate promotional gifts with contemporary technology involves the use of silk screening. This might be used for prints, t-shirts, balloons, or almost any other type of porous item. Even though some strategies call for stencils and inks, digital imaging and ink-jet printers are becoming a growing number of well-known as a result of ease of making the image. Companies that sell t-shirts to tourists in the Huge Apple depend on cost-effective techniques to help increase sales margins. NYC offers numerous graphic style and silk screen shops to select from, so compare costs and top quality before buying. An additional fun corporate promotional gift idea may be the flashlight. Flashlights are practical presents that will include the enterprise logo on the side. This really is an item that every single individual really ought to have, just in case. Some of the types of flashlights that can be utilized as a promotional gift are bottle opener flashlights, a flashlight with a USB plug, or the exceptionally bright LED light. Face it, who has ever been in a NYC subway station at night and wished they had a flashlight handy A organization that advertises their logo on a flashlight is utilizing a vibrant concept. Among the more amusing kinds of corporate promotional gifts could be the poker set. A business name can be inset on the chips and cards, and this is a excellent example of combining business and pleasure. The subsequent time it is Friday poker night, break out the poker set and advertise without having saying a word! If the visitors snarls of Manhattan gridlock are an excessive amount of, grab the corporate gift tension ball, and relax in the concrete jungle. A enterprise that offers corporate promotional gifts will continue to provide unusual tips for its clientele, and can preserve clients coming back for much more. Kramer Promotions is the premier Corporate Promotional Gifts company and can help you with all your promotional item needs. To learn more, visit http //www.kramerpromotions.com/ today! Article Source http //www.articlesforuk.co.uk Tweet Tags Business Troy Truman Get Updates Subscribe to our e-mail newsletter to receive updates. Share This Post Tweet Related Articles Promotional Business Items-Combining Office Needs Promotional Company Gifts Combining Quality with Quantity Promotional Company Items A Trade Show Staple Learn Business Utilities Is It Time To Find The Ideal Bicycle YouTube Twitter Facebook RSS Email Top Authors This Week MorganSandler 1,421 posts Margery Sanchez 27 posts Adam Ellis 25 posts John Jones 25 posts Buford Cravens 23 posts Popular Latest Seeking The Excellent Inflatable Waters Toys Hong Kong s Doll Exports Increase 1 Percent Batch That We Get Or Space China And Taiwan Brought About Hall Equipment And Lighting LED Area Lighting Fixtures Toys R Us Within 2006 Rated 15 Favorite Toys Space Toys R Us, Popular Doll, Top The Particular Model Business Important Things About Walkie-talkie Stereos For Just A Business Enterprise The Way To Get Your Sons Or Daughters To Listen Toys R Us Within 2006 Rated 15 Favorite Toys Space Toys R Us, Popular Doll, Top The Particular Model Business Hong Kong s Doll Exports Increase 1 Percent Batch That We Get Or Space China And Taiwan Brought About Hall Equipment And Lighting LED Area Lighting Fixtures Seeking The Excellent Inflatable Waters Toys Important Things About Walkie-talkie Stereos For Just A Business Enterprise How Must Central Heating Boiler Work acne lesions Advertising benzoyl peroxide Business call center cars Cars and Trucks Clothing diet disease Education Environment evening dress exercise Family Fashion Finance Fitness flower dress Food and Drink Gardening Health health and fitness Hobbies Home home improvement illness Internet Lead Generation lifestyle Marketing Outdoors party dress Prom Dresses recreation Search Engine Optimization self improvement skin care Sports Travel Vehicles virtual assistants wedding dress Weight Loss women Archives Select Month February 2012 3012 1,264 Fans Like 97 Followers Follow Like Us On Facebook Popular Tags acne lesions Advertising benzoyl peroxide Business call center cars Cars and Trucks Clothing diet disease Education Environment evening dress exercise Family Fashion Finance Fitness flower dress Food and Drink Gardening Health health and fitness Hobbies Home home improvement illness Internet Lead Generation lifestyle Marketing Outdoors party dress Prom Dresses recreation Search Engine Optimization self improvement skin care Sports Travel Vehicles virtual assistants wedding dress Weight Loss women Plugin by wpburn.com wordpress themes 2012 Articles For UK . All rights reserved. Site Admin Entries RSS Comments RSS')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01462', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir "ltr" lang "en-US" xml lang "en-US"> Home About Contact us Privacy Policy Registration / Login Terms of Service Arts Entertainment Art Music Beauty Fashion Clothing Jewelry Business Advertising Multimedia Communication Customer Service E-Commerce Financing Loans Home Business Network Marketing Human Resources Strategic Planning Tools and Resources Cars and Trucks Cell Phones & Plans Computers Culture and Society Awards Books Education College and University Homeschooling K-12 Language Shopping Social Issues Divorce Environment Family Elder Care Holidays Parenting Children Infants and Toddlers Teenagers Pregnancy and Family Planning Finance Credit Mortgage Currency Trading Insurance Investing Leasing Real Estate Wealth Building financial services Food and Drink Recipes Wine and Spirits Health Alternative Medicine Diseases and Conditions Acne Cancer Depression Diabetes Medicine Meditation Nutrition Supplements and Vitamins Wellness Health Fitness Hobbies Photography Home Accessories Gardening Landscaping Home Improvement Interior Design Organizing Home Security Humor Internet Blogging Tools and Resources Email Search Engines Web Design Web Development SSL Templates Internet Marketing Affiliate Programs Link Popularity Pay Per Click Search Engine Marketing Search Engine Optimization Site Promotion Traffic Analysis Viral Marketing Laptops & Notebooks Legal Marketing Branding Marriage Motivational News Other Careers & Employment Personal Development Advice Coaching Goal Setting Stress Management Time Management Pets and Animals Places Travelling Articles Destinations Politics Government History printers Recreation and Leisure Entertainment Movies Television Outdoors Boating Sports Basketball Fishing Golf Martial Arts Running Soccer Travel Cruises Technology Electronics Gadgets and Gizmos GPS Satellite Radio Uncategorized Weddings Women\'s Issues Writing Copywriting Writing for the Web Quotes Home Career The Common Choices For Online Jobs Seekers By Means Of Outsourcing To The Philippines The Common Choices For Online Jobs Seekers By Means Of Outsourcing To The Philippines by Chas Stubbs Bear in mind the days in grade school when your instructor would regularly inform you don t get your answers from the internet when she gives an task And as much as you rephrase your whole homework in such a way that it wasn t duplicated from the web, she still discovers and gives you an even lower score As appealing as it appears to turn the laptop or computer on and type a number of words into the internet search engine, you would find yourself searching through your closets for your library cards so that you can begin studying and researching on your project. Ultimately you ask, Why does almost everything need to be this complicated when this will simply take me a few minutes if I used my computer Today though, it is no longer just typical truth and views that might be perfectly located at the Internet, but jobs also. Suddenly individuals are now saved the vexation of spending for transportation expenses and are given the alternative of doing work in the comforts of their very own home. Earning a living has now been made more convenient for more people. Though online jobs are not all high-paying jobs, it has its own share of profits one being that it appears to be one of many fastest and simplest ways to ease financial worries. In many cases, online jobs don t require solely professional skills as long as you have the standard understanding in computers and if you ve got experienced fingers on a keyboard. Now that it is nearing 2012, the Internet is even wider than all of us probably imagine it to be and it will not be a surprise if it grows even more. It s now a big accumulation of world knowledge, and the business sector isn t one to be left behind. Increasingly more online jobs are published each day, offered to job seekers. Online work is now no more limited to call centers, however it has now stretched to teaching, advertising and marketing and writing also. Most jobs that require constant contact with the Internet and the computer itself are the ones in the creative divisions. Web developers and self-employed writers spend almost all of their time in the company uploading and submitting content articles to online glossies right and left; while web developers keep a close attention on internet sites they re assigned to manage to make certain the information in their web pages are up to date. Companies are studying new techniques on how to effectively outsource to the Philippines and they are now employing many workers along the way. In the event you decide to venture into writing, it is advisable that you simply do thorough research on companies you want to work for. It is strongly recommended that you work with one who has years of collected experience in their field. The best way to become a successful freelancer is to go to seminars to gain knowledge. In so doing, you learn more writing tactics and principles and expose yourself better to the industry networking allows you to meet people and build contacts. Having more acquaintances allows you to market yourself in the industry and show individuals what you re able to do. Also, it is advisable that you create a portfolio so that you ve got a powerful assortment of works that you could happily present once a potential employer who is outsourcing to the Philippines requests it. If you are one that is trying to find a job but is highly steadfast in keeping the conveniences of home, then an online job is the one for you as many employers are now outsourcing to the Philippines and we don t see this trend heading down. Want the perfect answer for your web business Outsourcing to the Philippines will certainly solve plenty of your online business difficulties. Take a look at www.outsourcingtothephilippines.co right now. Article Source http //www.articlesforuk.co.uk Tweet Tags Career , outsource to the philippines , outsourcing to the Philippines Chas Stubbs Get Updates Subscribe to our e-mail newsletter to receive updates. Share This Post Tweet Related Articles Discovering An Online Job For Filipinos Great Suggestions For Office Workers Setting Up Your Career Through An Online Job How to Become a Certified Pharmacy Technician Writing Your Military Bio YouTube Twitter Facebook RSS Email Top Authors This Week MorganSandler 1,421 posts Margery Sanchez 27 posts Adam Ellis 25 posts John Jones 25 posts Buford Cravens 23 posts Popular Latest Seeking The Excellent Inflatable Waters Toys Hong Kong s Doll Exports Increase 1 Percent Batch That We Get Or Space China And Taiwan Brought About Hall Equipment And Lighting LED Area Lighting Fixtures Toys R Us Within 2006 Rated 15 Favorite Toys Space Toys R Us, Popular Doll, Top The Particular Model Business Important Things About Walkie-talkie Stereos For Just A Business Enterprise The Way To Get Your Sons Or Daughters To Listen Toys R Us Within 2006 Rated 15 Favorite Toys Space Toys R Us, Popular Doll, Top The Particular Model Business Hong Kong s Doll Exports Increase 1 Percent Batch That We Get Or Space China And Taiwan Brought About Hall Equipment And Lighting LED Area Lighting Fixtures Seeking The Excellent Inflatable Waters Toys Important Things About Walkie-talkie Stereos For Just A Business Enterprise How Must Central Heating Boiler Work acne lesions Advertising benzoyl peroxide Business call center cars Cars and Trucks Clothing diet disease Education Environment evening dress exercise Family Fashion Finance Fitness flower dress Food and Drink Gardening Health health and fitness Hobbies Home home improvement illness Internet Lead Generation lifestyle Marketing Outdoors party dress Prom Dresses recreation Search Engine Optimization self improvement skin care Sports Travel Vehicles virtual assistants wedding dress Weight Loss women Archives Select Month February 2012 3012 1,264 Fans Like 97 Followers Follow Like Us On Facebook Popular Tags acne lesions Advertising benzoyl peroxide Business call center cars Cars and Trucks Clothing diet disease Education Environment evening dress exercise Family Fashion Finance Fitness flower dress Food and Drink Gardening Health health and fitness Hobbies Home home improvement illness Internet Lead Generation lifestyle Marketing Outdoors party dress Prom Dresses recreation Search Engine Optimization self improvement skin care Sports Travel Vehicles virtual assistants wedding dress Weight Loss women Plugin by wpburn.com wordpress themes 2012 Articles For UK . All rights reserved. Site Admin Entries RSS Comments RSS')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01463', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"> Home Interviews Advertise Contact Archives Fashion Relationships Photos Blog Roll Bitchie TV Subscribe EVE, Michelle Williams, Letoya Luckett, Dawn Richard & More Attend Essence Black Women In Music Honoring Kelly Rowland Thu, Feb 09 2012 by Necole Bitchie | Filed Under Celebrities View Gallery Essence kicked off Grammy week with its third annual Black Woman in Music Awards last night, by honoring two very special women in music, Syliva Rhone and Kelly Rowland. The black carpet at the Belasco hotel in downtown LA was filled with some of Hollywood s most elite. Everyone from Neyo, Eva Pigford, Holly Robinson Peete, Latoya Luckett were all in attendance to show their support and appreciation. The night opened up with a heart felt video message from Missy Elliot saying You believed in me even when I doubted myself . She was referring to Music Executive Sylvia Rhone. Rhone helped launch some of the most successful careers in music. Essence awarded Rhone for being a pioneer in the industry, being the first black person and female to be Chairman and CEO of Elektra Entertainment Group. Rhone has helped paved the way for rappers like Missy Elliot, MC Lyte and Nicki Minaj by giving women a voice in hip hop. Kelly Rowland was the second award winner of the night, being acknowledged for her recent Grammy nominee and hard work in the biz. Before accepting her award, she hit the stage and led the audience through a musical journey as she sang a few of her hits. She even surprised the audience by bring Eve out to perform Like This , however she got a surprise of her own when producer Rico Love presented her with a plaque to celebrate her single motivation going platinum. Kelley showed her appreciation saying To all woman out there God bless you, I couldn t have done this without you . Check out tons of pics and video from the event Kelly Rowland was spotted on the red carpet with model Shawn Sutton who appeared in her motivation video. Ne-Yo stepped out with one of his new artists Michelle Williams joined Kelly on the carpet for a few pics Letoya Luckett came out to support her former Destiny s Child bandmate. She s pictured here with Toccara Dawn Richard hit up the carpet in black with animal print shoes E-V-E lit up the carpet in a lime green dress Model Eva Marcille posed in a Naven party dress and Louboutin heels Real Housewives of Atlanta reality star Nene Leakes was spotted enjoying herself inside Although there was a lot of sisterly love in the building, Kenny Latimore and Stephen Hill were there repping for the fellas. Actress Holly Robinson Pete Melody Thorton looked vintage as she posed with a guest Missy Elliot on Skype [pic via Molly Anderson] Syliva Rhone and Kelly Kelly werkin the stage Kelly Rowland performs some hits Kelly Rowland receives a plaque from Rico Love Kelly Rowland Performs Like This With EVE Coverage via Fallon Mercedes Video via VGLS Ent 87 People Bitching BITCHIE LINX Maia Campbell Is Doing Well! Get The Update We Pray Etta James Hospitalized Global Grind How He Knows You Are Not Ready For Something Serious Madame Noire Tameka Foster Denies Calling Usher A Druggie Carlton Jordan Demi Lovato Twitter Slaps Disney In The Mouth D Listed Cynthia Bailey declares Her Love For Nene Leakes Madamenoire Teairra Mari Will Probably Smack Yung Berg After This Interview Hello Beautiful ADVERTISEMENT Follow @necolebitchie 87 People Bitching So Far... +11 .......... February 9, 2012 at 4 26 pm The Mystery Guy Is Called A Model Called Shawn Sutton [ Reply ] -27 Tony Reply February 9th, 2012 at 5 01 pm Young black women and wigs. smh [ Reply ] +37 Amsaleee Reply February 9th, 2012 at 5 33 pm I hope Kelly goes far in life. She looks beautiful too! [ Reply ] +21 causeisaidso Reply February 9th, 2012 at 9 29 pm Kelly has gone far in life. Further than anyone commenting She has had major success with DC, including but not limited to Grammy s, American Music, Soul Train, BET, and MTV awards, acting gigs, and tons of modeling including front cover spots. The girl has done her thang [ Reply ] +1 UNCLE DELORIS Reply February 10th, 2012 at 2 33 am I would have loved to see Kelly Letoya and Michelle in a pic together. Moments like that warm my fruity lil heart. [ Reply ] MajelaZezeDiamond the african tiger Reply February 10th, 2012 at 6 22 am Michelle my girl looking like a tasty assortment of FIERCE! SNATCHED HONEY,SNATCHED! Kelly,the dress color looks good on her,but she has worn BETTER dresses in the past,that dress i feel like i ve seen it before no shade but that hair and face is to die for,stunning lady! the others looked cute too and Kelly if that s your new man then girl, i m just saying you can do better hint a former sexy chocolate video co-star u had recently in one of your videos [ Reply ] -1 Sookie Reply February 10th, 2012 at 10 22 am Hoe worry about your own mane. [ Reply ] -28 ThatGirl Reply February 9th, 2012 at 5 14 pm lol i doubt it.. [ Reply ] -10 I\'ll Kola Boof A B tch Reply February 9th, 2012 at 6 02 pm Ne Ne needs to put some pants on [ Reply ] +12 Gem Reply February 10th, 2012 at 12 20 am Kelly is so pretty to me. That orange goes well with her skin tone [ Reply ] Keesha Reply February 10th, 2012 at 11 05 am I agree. [ Reply ] +9 Reply February 10th, 2012 at 12 24 am I am IN LOVE with Michelle s dress! [ Reply ] +38 Tameka February 9, 2012 at 4 27 pm This woman is so elegant & BEAUTIFUL! The epitome of class and beauty.. S he is just flawless. I love they way she carries herself!! [ Reply ] -31 TeteNico February 9, 2012 at 4 27 pm Gorgeous pics. Everyone looks lovely except for that tacky dressing, awkward shaped Eva Pigford. Her thighs .hell her figure is gross. She better be glad her face is cute. [ Reply ] +40 R E A L L Y Reply February 9th, 2012 at 4 52 pm I actually liked Eva s dress, the color and fit. And I like the brown hair. Everyone looked good and I m happy Ms. Kelly is getting her shine [ Reply ] +18 Sameyamia Reply February 9th, 2012 at 4 55 pm She looked beautiful Dress fit perfect and helped her shape [ Reply ] +6 Tyran\'t Reply February 9th, 2012 at 6 02 pm I really liked the outfit Kelly performed in, it was very tasteful. [ Reply ] Jayla Reply February 9th, 2012 at 7 05 pm I think her dress is too short and tight around her hips though. Could have been a size bigger since it s meant to be a bubbles dress. [ Reply ] +2 You Wouldn\'t Speak On it If you Didn\'t Care Reply February 9th, 2012 at 5 10 pm NO that melody girl looks a mess & dawn shoes are a no go I LOVE that orange against Kelly s skin. She looks good! Go girl Am i the only one wondering what have Kelly accomplished to be a honored Don t get me wrong, i like the girl. Congrats on the grammy nomination. But i thought you had to do a little more, than 1 hit single to be honored for something imo [ Reply ] +36 Ummmmm Reply February 9th, 2012 at 5 37 pm Just because you don t know about her accomplishments doesn t me she didn t do anything. This woman is huge internationally. SO PLEASE with your negative not knowing anything outside you front porch self. [ Reply ] +4 Tyran\'t Reply February 9th, 2012 at 6 04 pm ROTFL!!! [ Reply ] -6 You Wouldn\'t Speak On it If you Didn\'t Care Reply February 9th, 2012 at 6 12 pm LMFAO you mad! haha I asked a simple question! I m aware Kelly is huge over seas. But what was written above is she s being honored for her grammy nomination & #1 single. If she was honored for her work over seas, that should have been stated. Sip your tea & relax! [ Reply ] +10 It\'s Better On The Weeknd Reply February 9th, 2012 at 10 20 pm I didn t know being uninformed about Kelly Rowland was equivalent to not knowing anything outside of your front porch. She looks gorgeous with the curly hair, especially when she was on stage. [ Reply ] -2 Van Persie Reply February 10th, 2012 at 9 04 am Stop it today and now that kelly is huge overseas. I live in England and she is barely selling any record even after being on the biggest show on ITV. They make you believe kelly is huge in the UK. Kelly s singles are just as succesful as the blokes in the US such as trey songs e.t.c Kelly isn t huge overseas. [ Reply ] +2 Stanning Myself Reply February 9th, 2012 at 6 06 pm Her thighs might not look good to a woman but to me thats the only part of her with some shape. [ Reply ] +1 BeenPrissySince1908 Reply February 9th, 2012 at 8 03 pm @Tetnene tetnice DOnt care what ur name is, you sound like hater and im sure Eva looks better than you on her worst days, i cant imagine what ur clothes look like TAKE A SEAT \\_ \\_ E now back to the post Kelly better thank her blessings cause that will be THE ONLY platinum plaque she ll ever recieve in the US her album has yet to go gold .SMFH [ Reply ] Cocogoddess Reply February 10th, 2012 at 3 47 pm @Tetinico How does your body look How does your face look You look real pitiful hiding behind a picture of Aaliyah talkin all that sh t. Your life must be miserable [ Reply ] +31 L February 9, 2012 at 4 29 pm Kelly is gorgeous!!!! [ Reply ] +14 cdnae Reply February 9th, 2012 at 4 55 pm Yes she is! I m so happy for Kelly she deserves it. [ Reply ] +12 Speechless February 9, 2012 at 4 29 pm Is that her boyfriend Anyways, proud of her [ Reply ] -4 lynne moore Reply February 9th, 2012 at 5 00 pm i dnt think she has a boyfriend [ Reply ] +12 Letoya Reply February 9th, 2012 at 6 00 pm Clearly someone didn t read yesterdays post about Kelly. She does have a boyfriend, a good man according to Kels. I m sooo happy for her, finally she s getting her shine. Now it s Michelle s turn to succeed in something. [ Reply ] +14 RIGHTDAMNNA Reply February 9th, 2012 at 6 21 pm Michelle was nominated for a Tony award, she is doing very well in broadway [ Reply ] -17 .......... February 9, 2012 at 4 29 pm Did Michelle Williams Get A Sex Change [ Reply ] +5 It\'s Better On The Weeknd Reply February 9th, 2012 at 10 21 pm I m sorry but this was hilarious! [ Reply ] Tasha Reply February 10th, 2012 at 2 48 pm I just died a slow death LMFBO [ Reply ] +1 DEWLISSA89 February 9, 2012 at 4 31 pm I didnt even know that was dawn til i read the caption.. oh well [ Reply ] +20 Damz February 9, 2012 at 4 33 pm Ms. Kelly werked it. The Girls of DC3 are owning this year. Cant wait to see what Kelly wears to the Grammys. Kelly, Michelle, Letoya and Eve were best dressed for me. [ Reply ] -13 Lol....Black women February 9, 2012 at 4 44 pm She looks good. No shade but what is she getting honored for Ok motivation went platinum. Doesn t rihanna s singles, Nicki Minaj Singles, Beyonce s singles , Drakes singles, Wayne, Souljah boy e.tc. all go platinum with singles. When has celebrating platinum singles been the order of the day. I though people celebrated only platinum albums,. #justsaying. I love my people but can they stop doing shows that would never air on TV. [ Reply ] +1 yaya Reply February 9th, 2012 at 11 48 pm You sound so ignorant. [ Reply ] +19 Millie February 9, 2012 at 4 49 pm Kelly is freakin gorgeous!!!! She is gettting the recognition that she derserves [ Reply ] +17 My hair is laiddd like a felon aka Marlo Hampton February 9, 2012 at 4 53 pm Eve looks Gorgeous, not to take away from Kells who is always stunning but EVE looks beautiful. So many beautiful black women in the room. Werk Divas [ Reply ] +6 Ree_Bitchie Reply February 9th, 2012 at 5 03 pm Everyone looked Fab but Eve definitely stood out the most. I think she looked absolutely gorgeous! She never looked better!! [ Reply ] +10 Quila February 9, 2012 at 4 54 pm Wow, Kelly looks gorgeous! That orange dress looks great with her skin. [ Reply ] +6 Anon February 9, 2012 at 4 55 pm Kelly s performance outfit looks a little Glastonbury-ish. Thumbs me down if you wish. I have seen all I needed to see the pics so I will not even be back into this post to even know. [ Reply ] +7 huh Reply February 9th, 2012 at 5 04 pm No shade but yes it is. Anyway, she looks gorgeous, they all do [ Reply ] huh Reply February 9th, 2012 at 5 06 pm it does [ Reply ] +3 Tyran\'t Reply February 9th, 2012 at 6 10 pm I like this performance outfit better than the last few I ve seen her perform in; especially the one when they told her to wear a jacket. [ Reply ] -18 Roe February 9, 2012 at 4 55 pm Wonder why Beyonce didn t come out to support Kelly. The rest of the Destiny s Child crew was there..hmmm [ Reply ] +39 Quila Reply February 9th, 2012 at 5 04 pm Probably because her new born baby is in NY & this was going on in LA [ Reply ] +15 OOPS Reply February 9th, 2012 at 5 05 pm You know damn well why sheesh [ Reply ] +28 BHB Reply February 9th, 2012 at 5 07 pm Umm maybe because she has a newborn no tea, no shade . Please don t make this a reason to bash Beyonce. It is KELLY s moment. [ Reply ] -19 xedos Reply February 9th, 2012 at 5 16 pm Because Kelly hasn t done shyt on her own to get an award. what would they give her if she achieve rihanna s success. I notice that black america never put Rihanna on their magazines covers or give her awards. Black america always have a problem with Caribbean people [ Reply ] +7 Shels Reply February 9th, 2012 at 6 47 pm This has nothing to do with Beyonce or Rihanna. _/ [ Reply ] +9 KROW STAN February 9, 2012 at 4 56 pm This should be Kelly s motivation to get back in the studio & keep doing her thing. I love her look that orange just pops. Hands down gorgeous lady [ Reply ] +4 Jay February 9, 2012 at 4 58 pm Awwwwwwwww Congrats Kelly and Sylvia These women are gorgeous and deserved it! Eve looked beautiful.. So did Eva and Tocarra looks like she lost some weight.. She looks great! Everyone looks awesome but Melody, please take that hat off You don t need it [ Reply ] +13 meg February 9, 2012 at 5 00 pm beautiful black people! [ Reply ] +9 ChanNTexas February 9, 2012 at 5 18 pm I wonder if Kelly & LeToya said anything to one another while there Kelly looks stunning .i heart LeToya [ Reply ] +4 LeFleur Reply February 9th, 2012 at 6 10 pm I think I ve read that they are friendly with each other. [ Reply ] +6 OMG IS THAT YOU February 9, 2012 at 5 27 pm ALL THE FEMALES LOOKED NICE!!! !EVE KILLED IT ..BEAUTIFUL BLACK WOMEN!!! YES YES YES YES [ Reply ] +1 SoMdKit February 9, 2012 at 5 47 pm Thank God NeNe covered up her shoulders. That s one tacky dressing mofo if I d never seen one. Is it just me or does Kelly look unenthusiastic about being in a pic with Michelle Wiiiams Dawn honey, where did your brown skin go #palefaceandtackyoutfit Everyone else looked stunning. [ Reply ] +9 D 2 the.. February 9, 2012 at 6 01 pm Melody Thorton just has to show ALL of her teeth when she smiles lol Like damn girl I see you. We know you are happy. Congrats to kelly. Worthy of getting a plaque I think so. I must admit, she had been in the game for a while. No matter what, the girl keep pushing and you gotta respect that. She looks happy. Thats all that matters. [ Reply ] +2 LibrarianGirl February 9, 2012 at 6 15 pm Yaaay Kelly!!! She so deserves this. [ Reply ] +2 LibrarianGirl February 9, 2012 at 6 17 pm Yaaay go Kelly!! She deserves this soooo much. [ Reply ] +10 clarkthink February 9, 2012 at 6 27 pm Ok, Michele Williams, I owe you an apology, the other day I said you was f k d up! I was wrong , you are looking good at one time you was f k d up doe! [ Reply ] +1 LilMsJeanie Reply February 10th, 2012 at 2 54 am Lmao. [ Reply ] theman February 9, 2012 at 6 37 pm She looks great and congrats to her. It would ve been nice if her album had gone gold to. [ Reply ] +1 jill February 9, 2012 at 6 45 pm DC3 is going to do big things this year . [ Reply ] -8 corious February 9, 2012 at 7 13 pm wheres beyonce [ Reply ] +8 OVERit_ Reply February 9th, 2012 at 9 28 pm Who cares [ Reply ] Tasha Reply February 10th, 2012 at 2 50 pm With her newborn baby lol u people r crazy [ Reply ] RocketBlair February 9, 2012 at 7 35 pm she looks stunnig .dat lace wig is killin me I LOVE THE WAY IT LOOKS ON R [ Reply ] se7en February 9, 2012 at 7 43 pm Congrats Kelly!!! [ Reply ] +1 lala February 9, 2012 at 7 44 pm WOW..Everyone looks gorgeous Love me some Kelly you better werk [ Reply ] +2 GlitterNGold February 9, 2012 at 8 50 pm BEAUTIFUL BLACK WOMEN!! It would be GREAT to get a Destiny s Child reunion and new album!! [ Reply ] -1 OVERit_ February 9, 2012 at 9 28 pm Yes its about time we give Kelly some shine and not cough anywayyy [ Reply ] +2 HeavenlyGorg February 9, 2012 at 10 02 pm kelly looks BEAUTIFUL ..talk about coming into your own, she certainly did that! there s nothing like a room full of beautiful black women looking sharp and dressed to kill. love it! [ Reply ] -5 Attention Beyonce and PR Team! February 9, 2012 at 10 58 pm Where is Blue s mother! Oooooh I forgot, if its not about her its not about nothing! Damn Kelly stay losing! LMAO..let this shit would have been for Beyonce, Kelly lapdog ass would have been right front and center gushing! SMDH [ Reply ] +4 OVERit_ Reply February 9th, 2012 at 11 02 pm Oh shut up. Kelly is still winning. Stop hating you jealous cow. [ Reply ] -2 Kona Reply February 10th, 2012 at 4 57 am Lmao, smh. [ Reply ] Olive Cali February 10, 2012 at 12 02 am I hope Dawn isn t bleaching. [ Reply ] +1 Nevermind February 10, 2012 at 3 16 am I like Kelly s arm candy, they look good together. Ne-yo needs to have a major wardrobe change, those caps and geek specs are getting boring.! Michelle williams, looking good but girl needs to eat something Toccara and letoya look fierce., love letoya s blue dress. Dawan, she alright..has a banging body though.. Eve i think this is the classiest I ve seen her in a while.. Eva Marcille smh Chile is riding the same boat as that other model Jessica White., What is wth this models looking hideous nowadays I hate her dress, I hate the shoes, they look too heavy and bulky for her feet and the entire outfit. Nene is looking good and as much as ya ll might want to hate on her, she is cashing her checks fast and you just gotta respect her hustle unlike those other housewives and basketballwives who only thrive on drama.. Melody thorton..giirrrl please..bad outfit choice. Overall Kelly dominated the entire show, she glowing, she look good, loving the hair, the outfits, she is just beautiful. Get it girl.. [ Reply ] Nevermind Reply February 10th, 2012 at 3 17 am Dawn [ Reply ] ok February 10, 2012 at 1 24 pm 3 OF DESTINY CHILD MEMBERS IN THE BUILDING!!! I WONDER IF THEY ALL SAID HI TO EACHOTHER THAT WOULDVE BEEN A GOOD PICTURE [ Reply ] gossipgirl February 10, 2012 at 1 52 pm Dawn looks amazing, didn t recognize her initially. Orange is definitely Kelly s color looks great against her skin tone. [ Reply ] JN February 10, 2012 at 4 53 pm Do it, Kelly! Dawn and Eva, meet me backstage. evil grin [ Reply ] Songbirdie February 10, 2012 at 5 29 pm I love that Kelly is doing her thing! Every little bit counts and this is just the beginning! Go Girl! [ Reply ] Leave A Comment YOUR NAME YOUR E-MAIL ADDRESS WILL NOT BE PUBLISHED YOUR WEBSITE URL BEGINNING WITH HTTP // YOUR COMMENT Notify me of follow-up comments via e-mail Click to cancel reply Latest Bitchie Exclusive Kelly Rowland & Jeanette Jenkins Talk Fitness & Sexy Abs // FOLLOW NECOLE BITCHIE Popular This Week // CATEGORIES 2010 contests Ask Necole Bitchie Chick Of The Day Bitchie Chicks Bitchie Look For Less Bitchie Mail Bitchie Nails Bitchie New Artist of The Day Bitchie On A Budget Bitchie Pod Bitchie Throwback Bitchie TV Celebrities celebrity bloggers Charlamagne Should Make You Donkey Of The Day Chris What Are You Wearing Coupled Up fashion featured Flix fly guy I Want Interviews Life During The Off Season Look Bitchie Motivation Music News New Artists New Music News Briefs Personal relationships Rumor Control Superbowl XLIV TV Talk Twitter Topics Where Are They Now Who\'s Who of Atlanta World News Youtube Supastars Necole Bitchie Page 1 Inappropriate Coco Tweets Photo Of Herself Naked In Bed With Her Nephew [Video] Whitney Houston Steps Out, Sings Jesus Loves Me To Kelly... Nicki Minaj Reveals Style Icons, Love For Big Ang & New... [Video] Brandy & Monica Rehearse For Special Pre-Grammy Night Performance Who Owned The Look Serena Williams vs. Angela Simmons In Giuseppe Zanotti Body... Kobe Laughs While Fans Scream She Wasn t With You Shooting In The... New Video Jay-Z & Kanye West Ni as In Paris EVE, Michelle Williams, Letoya Luckett, Dawn Richard & More Attend Essence... Jen Gets Smacked Hard In Basketball Wives 4 Trailer Lala Anthony Covers YRB Talks Basketball Wife Label &... Necole Bitchie Page 2 Terrence J Tweets About Career, Selita & Connects I Can t... New Video Raz B Na Na Na Ne-Yo and His Fiancee Make It Rain In A Strip Club Khloe Kardashian Pictured With Her Real Father Bitchie Or Not Erykah Badu s DSquared2 Ice Skate Boots NY Giants Victor Cruz and Ashanti Get It In On The Dance Floor Mob Wives Star Big Ang Hits The Streets [And Yes, She\'s All Woman -- Proof] Solange Knowles Steps Out In Vera Wang For Runway To Win Party Kelly Rowland Shows Off Her Boobies & Talks About Her Good... Beyonce Steps Out In Sexy Black Dress For 2nd Post-Baby Night Out Necole Bitchie Page 3 Chris Brown & Rihanna To Perform At The Grammys New Video Somaya Reece Classy Girl Meagan Good Covers Vibe Vixen Talks Crazy Love, Gabrielle Union & Women... Emily & Fabolous Don t Sleep On Us [Video & Pics] Jay-z Performs At Carnegie Hall In NY With Special Guests... Bitchie Or Not Jessica White Steps Out In A Sheer Lace Jumpsuit @ Carnegie Beyonce Steps Out In Red For The First Time Since Giving Birth New Music Monica & Brandy It All Belongs To Me Amar e Stoudemire s Brother Dies in Crash New Music Nicki Minaj Marilyn Monroe 2007 - 2010 Necole Bitchie. All Rights Reserved | Layout Designed By Dustin Gary')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01464', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"> Home Interviews Advertise Contact Archives Fashion Relationships Photos Blog Roll Bitchie TV Subscribe New Video Jay-Z & Kanye West Ni as In Paris Thu, Feb 09 2012 by D.Yates | Filed Under Celebrities It s provocative. It gets the people going Kanye West and Jay-Z have finally dropped the long-awaited video for their summer smash Ni as In Paris. Shot like one of their live shows during the Watch The Throne Tour, viewers can hit the replay button over and over to relive the concerts where Jay and Ye performed this song more than 8 times each night. The video features mirrored images of both Jay and Ye onstage entertaining their audience while lasers, wild animals and Parisian architecture flash across the screen and stage. If you have photosensitive Epilepsy, you may not want to watch this Check it out below. 130 People Bitching BITCHIE LINX Maia Campbell Is Doing Well! Get The Update We Pray Etta James Hospitalized Global Grind How He Knows You Are Not Ready For Something Serious Madame Noire Tameka Foster Denies Calling Usher A Druggie Carlton Jordan Demi Lovato Twitter Slaps Disney In The Mouth D Listed Cynthia Bailey declares Her Love For Nene Leakes Madamenoire Teairra Mari Will Probably Smack Yung Berg After This Interview Hello Beautiful ADVERTISEMENT Follow @necolebitchie 130 People Bitching So Far... +32 Keedapooh February 9, 2012 at 5 03 pm One of the best concert I attend..It was bananas just love it [ Reply ] +15 What I Say Reply February 9th, 2012 at 5 09 pm I concur best concert hands DOWN! Had more fun than I do in the clubs.. [ Reply ] +22 Gem Reply February 9th, 2012 at 5 17 pm still mad I wasn t able to attend. Jay & Kanye are just on another level [ Reply ] +23 follow me @WardeLife Reply February 9th, 2012 at 5 45 pm lol @ kanye s dancing in some parts.. i dont really like the vid tho, not really what i expected.. [ Reply ] +27 RihannaLover Reply February 9th, 2012 at 8 47 pm damn this video disappointed the hell out of me . . . i was expecting to see gucci, fine wine, luis vuitton, mansions, the eiffel tower, and luxury cars all over the place . . . and we get a concert clip . . . im mad ! i dont like it lol [ Reply ] +4 jared jacobs Reply February 9th, 2012 at 9 13 pm this video was so much better than i expected when i heard they was doing a concert video i thought it would be like did it on en or drink to that but they made it their own and took it to a certain level of epicness only jay and kanye could obtain. +27 Suspect Reply February 10th, 2012 at 1 50 am All their shit lately seems like devil worshipin music Maybe its not on purpose but it just rubs me the wrong way, and Im definitely not a person who sppoks or preaches often or easily.. And the things they say sometimes its like really I mean dont change what ur doing on account of rumors but to deliberately fuel them I miss the way music was positive, happy and uplifting.. #StampedSuspect +1 Suspect Reply February 10th, 2012 at 1 51 am spooks +27 joanna Reply February 9th, 2012 at 9 34 pm i dont know if i have photosensitive Epilepsy so im not gonna watch it to be on the safe side [ Reply ] I\'m Not A Player....I Just Crush A lot Reply February 9th, 2012 at 6 52 pm It s about damn time sidenote my alarm clock on my phone sound like the n ggas in paris beat lmaooo [ Reply ] +20 Suchalady Reply February 9th, 2012 at 11 25 pm Most useless video ever. [ Reply ] Phillipa E. Reply February 9th, 2012 at 8 13 pm I agree as well. This was my first concert ever and it was sooo good! I just wished they played this song 8 times when they came to NY! lol. You would would of thought since Jay is from NY, they would done so but anyways the was still damn good. [ Reply ] +12 R E A L L Y Reply February 9th, 2012 at 5 17 pm The video on the other hand .meeehh [ Reply ] +4 DADA Reply February 9th, 2012 at 7 36 pm I think they just put out a video because alot of people were expecting it. It could have been better. [ Reply ] +1 Just!ne Reply February 10th, 2012 at 12 40 pm Agreed! This video seems like a real cop out to actually make one that would fit the song a lot more. Plus, I was really hoping to see a RECENT cameo of Will Ferrel in this, especially after I heard that he expressed interest in being a part of the video. [ Reply ] +10 Cole World Reply February 9th, 2012 at 5 45 pm That was one of the BEST concerts ive ever been too! they played that song over and over again. The best part is when jay let the HOUSTON crowd freestyle the pimp C verse alone without any help from Jay it was sooo much energy!!! [ Reply ] +2 Woop Woop Reply February 9th, 2012 at 6 00 pm I m sad i missed it [ Reply ] +8 Reply February 9th, 2012 at 6 17 pm Couldn t watch it I have photosensitive Epilepsy [ Reply ] -5 nolie Reply February 9th, 2012 at 8 26 pm just wait till those Illuminati yappos get hold of this lol they probably used the same director that beyonce used in her 1+1 video [ Reply ] miss-teeq Reply February 9th, 2012 at 11 31 pm lmaoooooooo!!! [ Reply ] +12 Hmmmm Reply February 9th, 2012 at 8 23 pm Is Kanye wearing a leather kilt Um ok Ye. [ Reply ] +6 FLUID Reply February 9th, 2012 at 9 09 pm illuminati imagery at its finest, ppl stop embracing this demonic music God isn t pleased w/it! [ Reply ] +4 Ricky Retardo Reply February 9th, 2012 at 11 16 pm kills me to think for some many people to claim GOD but know everything about the Devil and his existence. [ Reply ] +8 IRY Reply February 10th, 2012 at 1 41 am why wouldn t you know about your enemy wanting to attack you keep your enemies close you know the rest [ Reply ] +6 Huh Reply February 9th, 2012 at 11 44 pm You say its demonic so why are you watching it [ Reply ] +7 va Reply February 10th, 2012 at 6 55 am Totally agreed Fluid , thanks for pointing it out ! Don t care how many people vote down on our comments , there is nothing wrong with pointing out the truth about the messages music videos and songs send . [ Reply ] +17 Gemini Reply February 9th, 2012 at 10 13 pm A video I would not watch again. But I bet people not on this site are going to eat it up just because it s Jay&Ye. Shoot people now are calling it epic OMG video of the year!! this is ART!! as they do with almost anything they put out. & Lol at someone saying here we go when someone mentioned the video was questionable.. Here we go what I m a Kanye fan, but I do think there are some questionable things in this video along with some of their mainly Jay other videos. I can still be a fan & point something out.. [ Reply ] MzRoyal Reply February 10th, 2012 at 2 34 pm I m too scared to watch this it looks like a demon infected video [ Reply ] +22 Jay February 9, 2012 at 5 04 pm interesting video .I like the song a lot.. It gets the people going! lol [ Reply ] +17 Ceeya Reply February 9th, 2012 at 5 36 pm Word. In the club when Niggas in Paris comes on everyone goes ham! even White people going ham to this..Lmao!! [ Reply ] -3 Ursula Reply February 10th, 2012 at 9 25 am Love the creativity not your typical joint. Kanye s swag is on 1000 in this video; even with a kilt. LMAO He looked yummy. [ Reply ] ali February 9, 2012 at 5 05 pm its okay I guess [ Reply ] +32 S_Cupcake February 9, 2012 at 5 05 pm My head hurts. [ Reply ] +7 Tiffany Reply February 9th, 2012 at 6 25 pm My eyes hurt lol. But I still love the song. [ Reply ] +19 Le-a Ledasha "cuz the \'dash\' don\'t be silent" February 9, 2012 at 5 05 pm No One knows what it means..but it s provocative. LOL! [ Reply ] +32 MISHKA February 9, 2012 at 5 06 pm That Kanye dance is E.V.E.R.Y.T.H.I.N.G !!! The video says Wish You Were There to all those who didn t go to the WTT Tour. I m so jelly. Uggh [ Reply ] +3 mimilovee Reply February 9th, 2012 at 5 15 pm Wasnt it tho [ Reply ] Ursula Reply February 10th, 2012 at 9 31 am DITTO! smh So mad I just didn t go These concerts look EPIC! [ Reply ] +9 ThatGirl February 9, 2012 at 5 13 pm I loved the video but it honestly gave me a headache [ Reply ] +2 Team dark skin_ We dnt like dem red bitches!!! February 9, 2012 at 5 15 pm Im so jelly . I couldnt go when they came to my town. Kool video tho. [ Reply ] +2 lolita2Lempicka February 9, 2012 at 5 20 pm lol and all my Parisian pals thought this would be shot showcasing all Paris. Now I understand why they were all crying on Twitter lol but the song is already big to the point where they did not even need a video. At least, I like the song to the point where I did not need a video to like it more some videos even have the opposite effect Lotus Flower Bomb; I regretted watching that video cuz the song is now mehhh to me [ Reply ] -19 Pooh BrownSkinned&Thick February 9, 2012 at 5 21 pm Does anyone else notice Ye s wearing a skirt or dress GAY !!! 0.0 [ Reply ] -16 Google Reply February 9th, 2012 at 5 27 pm Some people give celebs a pass just b/c they re Celebs and that kills me . Kanye is a cross dresser so You shouldn t be surprised [ Reply ] -6 Google Reply February 9th, 2012 at 6 12 pm What I said was true . Regardless of if you like him He cross dresses and I think he is too old for some Of the things he does .. Skinny jeans as a perfect Example anyone who voted this comment down are simply In denial about Kanye and are just being a loyal stab B/c you it s true . Y all just sugarcoating and acting Def , dumb , and blind . [ Reply ] +25 annieee! Reply February 9th, 2012 at 5 30 pm Irish men wear kilts, I m assuming they re gay too -_______- Cut it out. [ Reply ] +3 Lisa Reply February 9th, 2012 at 5 46 pm Are y all SERIOUS with these comments Like really, people. Smh. [ Reply ] +23 London Babe Reply February 9th, 2012 at 5 58 pm Scottish men wear kilts. Not Irish [ Reply ] Google Reply February 9th, 2012 at 6 09 pm That s way different because that s their culture Straight men usually don t wear things like that in The African American or American culture . [ Reply ] +11 miznae757 Reply February 9th, 2012 at 6 25 pm so he cant embrace another culture..he cant step out the box and be different..i mean really yall come on [ Reply ] -1 Google Reply February 9th, 2012 at 6 51 pm Stop playing Games you good and well that is feminine And your just makin an excuse .if you seen a guy in a skirt And some heels walking down the street i highly Doubt you would say oh he s just embracing a different gender .im not trying to bring family into this but what would you think if you saw One of your close male relatives doing this . [ Reply ] +5 miznae757 Reply February 9th, 2012 at 8 45 pm but kanye does not have on a skirt and some heels he has on a kilt some pants and some sneakers so whats ur point +4 LJenna Reply February 10th, 2012 at 4 33 am SERIOUSLY KILTS ARE A SCOTTISH TRADITION. IRISH MEN DO NOT WEAR KILTS! [ Reply ] +15 Cole World Reply February 9th, 2012 at 5 46 pm Kanye is wearing a kilt from the givenchy MEN s couture spring 2011 collection FYI [ Reply ] +6 Just Felt Like Buggin Reply February 9th, 2012 at 8 03 pm Just cause its expensive and name brand doesnt mean you have to put it on. Would it look sweet if you knew it came from Wal-Mart [ Reply ] +2 Cole World Reply February 9th, 2012 at 8 46 pm Did I say he had to wear it because it was name brand No. Im clarifying that it s men s fashion, its not like he took it from a womens line. The kilt is actually really popular overseas in Europe and also I could care less if it came from Wal-Mart. If I like it, IM WEARING it I don t give a fuck what anybody thinks. [ Reply ] -6 MossDefinitely Reply February 9th, 2012 at 10 15 pm That N gga Is Gay!!!!!!!!! #InMyBoonDockVoice! KML!!!! [ Reply ] +1 KS Reply February 9th, 2012 at 10 18 pm that wasnt the point. they capitalized the word MENS not the designers name. they were just pointing out it was from a Mens collenction. its not a dress or a skirt its a kilt. [ Reply ] -2 MossDefinitely Reply February 9th, 2012 at 10 28 pm Boooooooo!!!! Who Cares!!!!!!! Kilt, Dress, Skirt, Either way Its Gay!!!! LOL!!! [ Reply ] +9 meg February 9, 2012 at 5 21 pm i m so dizzy lol. [ Reply ] +2 Jim Jakes February 9, 2012 at 5 23 pm This video was unecessary to be edited like that. Why give us a headache [ Reply ] +35 .......... February 9, 2012 at 5 24 pm Conspiracy Theorists Get You Pens And Pads [ Reply ] +6 enticing Reply February 9th, 2012 at 5 28 pm d n u beat me to it, was just about to post that [ Reply ] +9 enticing Reply February 9th, 2012 at 5 32 pm raps boojee girl grab her hand f k that bi h she n wanna dance, excuse my french but im in france love that part [ Reply ] +8 Le-a Ledasha "cuz the \'dash\' don\'t be silent" Reply February 9th, 2012 at 5 37 pm I just thought about it right when I clicked the vid again..if I see anything with Illuminati in it, I m logging off for a week. lmao [ Reply ] +14 Google February 9, 2012 at 5 25 pm This just giving everybody the okay to keep saying N.ggas . This video could have atleasted not been Dropped during black history month lol . But seriously [ Reply ] +8 blkkbeauty February 9, 2012 at 5 29 pm It was just OK. I still love them tho. [ Reply ] +1 Tyran\'t Reply February 9th, 2012 at 5 44 pm agreed [ Reply ] +4 Bre February 9, 2012 at 5 32 pm I m dizzy af and I have a complete headache after watching this video lol, but I love the video though it s different [ Reply ] +2 swayze February 9, 2012 at 5 33 pm my cousin went to this show and said it was sooooooooo GOOOOOODDD she told she didnt even wanna go home she said THAT SHIT CRAY!! lol but did anybody eles see JESUS at 3 22 LMAO [ Reply ] +4 Lisa February 9, 2012 at 5 38 pm Definitely not something I would watch again lo Some questionable things going on with the imagery [ Reply ] +5 miznae757 Reply February 9th, 2012 at 6 26 pm here we go . [ Reply ] +4 NIQ February 9, 2012 at 5 45 pm Why d they wait so long hell I been over this damn song ijs [ Reply ] +5 Lorena Lovelace February 9, 2012 at 5 48 pm Why the QUESTIONABLE imagery. If they don t want to be considered an ILLUMINATI or PuPPETs, why the Imagery -_- They gonna keep testing us until something bad happens to them. Don t play with something you don t understand, that is all / ugh. [ Reply ] +4 Lorena Lovelace Reply February 9th, 2012 at 5 58 pm Minus all you want to, it s just silly to play with things like this. I don t play with things I don t understand. [ Reply ] va Reply February 10th, 2012 at 6 46 am google illuminati on wikipedia and you ll find the meaning , there are many sources . [ Reply ] +2 Lorena Lovelace Reply February 10th, 2012 at 10 13 am I wouldn t do Wikipedia to save my life. Read books, scholared based articles, matter of fact go to a historic Library. The individuals who post videos on youtube, have researched, and basically imaging what they researched, again, please research for yourself, so you will fully understand, and not what someone else tells you. Again, knowledge is power. That s one of the main problems in our generation, we don t like to read, but agree with what anybody tells them. RESEARCH!!! [ Reply ] +3 miznae757 Reply February 9th, 2012 at 6 28 pm explain to me what the Illuminati actually is and not some shit you seen in a youtube video [ Reply ] +2 Lorena Lovelace Reply February 9th, 2012 at 6 45 pm I don t rely on others for knowledge. Everyone should do thier OWN research and not depend on other, like YOUTUBE Knowledge is power. Which includes YOU I never explain anything, I learned and researched myself and YOU should too! Have a nice day! [ Reply ] +5 Kayy_J Reply February 9th, 2012 at 7 31 pm Which means you don t know yourself. [ Reply ] -2 miznae757 Reply February 9th, 2012 at 8 46 pm EXACTLY!!! [ Reply ] +7 MossDefinitely Reply February 9th, 2012 at 9 55 pm I agree man, don t sweat about the people who don t agree because at the end of the day they are still going to be nut riders off these rappers. I am a fan, and don t know much about illuminati symbolism but this video and past videos of them have made me start to think. I digg you LoveLace, researching yourself is the only way to understand and not just giving people one sentence of Illuminati, its much more I believe. +5 LeFleur Reply February 9th, 2012 at 11 19 pm Or she s just too intelligent to argue with anonymous people on the Internet, on a subject she doesn t need to argue about. Stop attacking her and READ! Don t assume YOUTUBE is everyone s source for information. [ Reply ] +4 Forever21 Reply February 10th, 2012 at 12 43 am Ten Thumbs Up! Artist will sell thier soul for Fame and Riches. I am a big fan, and a real fan notice change, and this Is not for the good. Its hard to admit to ones self of the things that go on in the music industry, especially when Its your fav artist. Im still a fan of both but, its just slowly starting to make me wonde the messages behind the symbols and hidden rap lines. +2 Taurus88 February 9, 2012 at 5 50 pm I loved it it was something for the fans..but people really did go CRAY when this song came on 8x straight [ Reply ] +29 StuckInDaMatrix February 9, 2012 at 5 50 pm Does anyone else hate the name of this song [ Reply ] +3 Diddy_M Reply February 9th, 2012 at 6 31 pm Yes, I have to refer to it as Brothers in Paris or People in Paris [ Reply ] +2 Helena Reply February 9th, 2012 at 8 19 pm Moi. [ Reply ] Songbirdie Reply February 10th, 2012 at 5 15 pm Yes. It s beyond ignorant but it doesn t even matter because anything Jay Z and Kanye do is always cosigned. [ Reply ] speechless February 9, 2012 at 5 54 pm I guess ..I ve been over the song, its cool but I don t get that hype when i heat it and the video made my head hurt. They should have put a video out months ago. [ Reply ] speechless Reply February 9th, 2012 at 5 54 pm hear [ Reply ] +7 Thatonegirl February 9, 2012 at 5 54 pm What s with all the epilepsy inducing videos though It s an ok video, definitely ready for all the illumati talk that will follow. Oh and Kanyes dance gives me life. Ha! [ Reply ] +1 Woop Woop February 9, 2012 at 6 02 pm I m dizzy from watching this video I love the song though [ Reply ] +2 CleJ February 9, 2012 at 6 03 pm too afraid to watch this one.. I m already trying to recover from the Nicki video giving me dreams about her.. something about those flashing lights puts these dudes in your sub_______ [ Reply ] +5 K_anntionette February 9, 2012 at 6 15 pm Anytime a video comes with a medical warning, its usually not a good sign. #Imjustsayin For real a friend of mine s husband had to be taken to the hospital after playing a video game. He had a seizure. Didnt even know he had photosensitive epilepsy. Real talk. [ Reply ] +1 ThatChikMel February 9, 2012 at 6 15 pm In L.A. they performed it a total of 10 times and everytime people went crazy..It was a great show and the lighting effects were on point. [ Reply ] +2 yeah i said it Reply February 10th, 2012 at 12 50 pm uneducated blacks These rappers promote yt using the N word. But we the regular blacks as Jason Pitts put it have to deal and live with the consequences. Their money shield them from the N effect Blacks folks should really disown other blacks like this uneducated blacks These rappers promote yt using the N word. But we the regular blacks as Jason Pitts put it have to deal and live with the consequences. Their money shield them from the N effect Blacks folks should really disown other blacks like this uneducated blacks These rappers promote yt using the N word. But we the regular blacks as Jason Pitts put it have to deal and live with the consequences. Their money shield them from the N effect [ Reply ] ThatChikMel Reply February 10th, 2012 at 4 47 pm I m critiquing the concert I never said anything about the song alone nor do I use the N word..You re attacking the wrong person. [ Reply ] +4 CHAMP February 9, 2012 at 6 33 pm That shit CRAY! [ Reply ] +1 AskHeatherG February 9, 2012 at 6 58 pm Hmm, not sure what I think about this vid . Love Ye and Jay though! -askheatherg.net [ Reply ] +2 Cured February 9, 2012 at 7 24 pm Atleast I know I don t have epilepsy! Thank you Kanye [ Reply ] +2 clarkthink February 9, 2012 at 7 46 pm Well, .y all are too late with this damn Rorschach test video the song is old!! [ Reply ] Mayy February 9, 2012 at 7 59 pm I like..I like it a lot. They put on an amazing show, definitely worth my money and time. I don t even want to see the I word in the comments, but I m sure it s coming. [ Reply ] Chris Styles February 9, 2012 at 8 28 pm This video took too long to come out, the song was hot but I m sick of it and the video was nothing special I expected much more from two creative artists .#Booooo [ Reply ] +2 GlitterNGold February 9, 2012 at 8 33 pm BALL SO HARD THAT SHIT CRAY, AINT IT JAY BALL SO HARD, WHAT SHE ORDER FISH FILET FAVORITE PART I LOVE THIS DAMN SONG!!!!!! [ Reply ] -1 yeah i said it Reply February 10th, 2012 at 12 51 pm uneducated blacks [ Reply ] +2 GoinRightBack February 9, 2012 at 9 57 pm If you hide it in plain sight . [ Reply ] Money is the Reason We Exist February 9, 2012 at 10 12 pm Damn, imagine being high and watching this. Either way, this still hurts my eyes. [ Reply ] bianca Reply February 10th, 2012 at 12 38 am lol i just rolled one [ Reply ] +2 UntamedLogic February 10, 2012 at 12 00 am I have a headache. The lights are too much [ Reply ] BNWW February 10, 2012 at 12 29 am Nothing much can be said about these two who have NO IDEA about empowerment! The parent company behind this song is Vivendi, which owns Universal Music Group. The corporate governance are these people http //www.vivendi.com/vivendi/-Corporate-governance- Does anyone think they worry about losing control of their business/empire when Black men are running around referring to one another as ni ga/ers all day/every day Who s maintaining power/control I can tell you it ain t Jay-Z or Kanye!! [ Reply ] +2 Chloe February 10, 2012 at 12 32 am This will forever me my favorite get the party poppin song lol [ Reply ] yeah i said it Reply February 10th, 2012 at 12 52 pm beats are saving these lame rappers lives period who ever are making beats these days are the real music makers rappers are uneducated and you can really tell how their rap is all over the place. Noreal message. Just ignorance for a good 4.5 minutes. [ Reply ] +4 DarcRen February 10, 2012 at 12 44 am Call people nuts, politically correct conspiracists because they question things the avg. person doesn t bother to do. Anyone care to wonder why the song was played 8x The darkness and references to illuminati cults and symbolisms, the secrecy, the overall changes in Hip Hop, I adore Kanyeee, but he s acting completely different. And before this even became a thing associated with the music industry, I remember watching about the Freemasonary on History channel about 10 years ago. This shit is deep, many are scared of the truth. [ Reply ] Val February 10, 2012 at 1 55 am Ugh I know y all was going to bring up that illuminati shit. Drives me nuts. It s like every black person with money is an illuminati. Do you know how rock bands that go wayyyy darker and deeper in their songs. Get over it. People will believe anything negative! [ Reply ] Miss Moore February 10, 2012 at 2 26 am Wow I feel like this really didn t have to be a video. I really don t like the song to begin with like y we gotta be niggas in Paris . But I did enjoy Ye dancing in that leather kilt, he is sooo extra and I love it. [ Reply ] +2 va February 10, 2012 at 4 52 am Man , I have to say this is truly Illuminati inspired music . It is filled with the symbols and devil worship . Not cool at all . I really dislike music that is there just to coruppt the masses with crap like this . Sorry to say but this is not talent It s all just negative and will never be cool . It seems like in our culture and media what is bad is cool but if people open their minds to these subliminal messeges in the music they listen to , then finally people will start to wake up and smell the coffee ! [ Reply ] +3 va Reply February 10th, 2012 at 6 50 am Even if you don t believe that the Illuminati exists to make it clear and simple just look at the video and you will see something is not right in this video as well as many others out there . It doesn t have to be hip hop or rap , it can be any kind of music . Look at Lady Gaga her videos are also filled with satanic symbolism . [ Reply ] jealous ones still envy February 10, 2012 at 11 17 am that ish cray!!! [ Reply ] +5 TRUTH February 10, 2012 at 11 34 am This video is demonic and full of mind control, Subliminal messages with frequency waves thru TV..and if you dont understand that then they have accomplished just what they set out to do..and you are a slave Everything thing in hollywood has a motive and a meaning behind it..My head is hurting and that is not normal for a music video..My saying this im not downplaying that Kanye is not talented nor Jay-z but this is not college dropout kanye..just sayin [ Reply ] yeah i said it February 10, 2012 at 12 43 pm Blacks folks should really disown other blacks like this uneducated blacks These rappers promote yt using the N word. But we the regular blacks as Jason Pitts put it have to deal and live with the consequences. Their money shield them from the N effect Blacks folks should really disown other blacks like this uneducated blacks These rappers promote yt using the N word. But we the regular blacks as Jason Pitts put it have to deal and live with the consequences. Their money shield them from the N effect Blacks folks should really disown other blacks like this uneducated blacks These rappers promote yt using the N word. But we the regular blacks as Jason Pitts put it have to deal and live with the consequences. Their money shield them from the N effect [ Reply ] +1 circa-81 is Anti-Ghetto February 10, 2012 at 2 45 pm Tupac said it best when he coined the phrase Killuminatti. Which means you dumb @$$ conspiracy theorists need to kill the illuminatti talk as he put it. Go educate yourselves on reality and real history. While your educating yourselves on history educate yourselves on free market and austrian economics vs. keynisian economics and try to become capitalists instead of victims as you claim that you are. [ Reply ] +1 QUEEN B Reply February 10th, 2012 at 4 25 pm he meant killuminatti which means to END it! Pac was against the illuminati he wasnt a devil worshiper! He was good and he didnt sell his soul to the devil! [ Reply ] +1 circa-81 is Anti-Ghetto Reply February 10th, 2012 at 4 51 pm Are you crazy. Tupac said Killuminatti because he was trying to put an end to ni99@s wasting their time on something as fiction as conspiracy theory. He wasn t against the illuminati because he didn t believe in the illuminati. He was against a bunch of ni99@s wasting their time on fantasy. You people have it twisted. I say killuminatti because how can a ni99@ sitting in a jail cell in prison think he have the key to it all Tupac Your obviously young and misguided so why don t you do what you ve obviously have been doing too much of and find the tupac killuminati clip on youtube. Why don t all of you retards who believe in the illuminati go and look up what tupac actually thought of the you dumb@$$es that believe in the illuminati. HE MADE UP THE WORD TO DESCRIBE YOU DUMB@$$ES. I swear youngin s. sheesh [ Reply ] NICKI GARBAJ February 10, 2012 at 3 19 pm idk how anyone can relate to this music when all they do is talk about the millions they have half you mother truckers on her are broke off buying their albums! please dislike this comment as many times as you d love to.. these niggas ain t shit. [ Reply ] +3 circa-81 is Anti-Ghetto Reply February 10th, 2012 at 3 27 pm Maybe some of us aren t that broke so we celebrate others success and admire it. Maybe we can t relate to the struggle music that some like. [ Reply ] QUEEN B February 10, 2012 at 4 01 pm Scum bags sold their sould to the fkng devil ->>>DEVIL WORSHIPPERS.!! SMH!!!! Sad! [ Reply ] circa-81 is Anti-Ghetto Reply February 10th, 2012 at 4 06 pm You sound like a delusional lunatic. Just to let you know .very 1600 s Salem-ish sounding. [ Reply ] QUEEN B Reply February 10th, 2012 at 4 21 pm get out mah face! [ Reply ] +3 circa-81 is Anti-Ghetto Reply February 10th, 2012 at 4 26 pm LMAO .okay ..backing away slowly [ Reply ] blah February 10, 2012 at 5 41 pm this was a waste of time & space . _ [ Reply ] Leave A Comment YOUR NAME YOUR E-MAIL ADDRESS WILL NOT BE PUBLISHED YOUR WEBSITE URL BEGINNING WITH HTTP // YOUR COMMENT Notify me of follow-up comments via e-mail Click to cancel reply Latest Bitchie Exclusive Kelly Rowland & Jeanette Jenkins Talk Fitness & Sexy Abs // FOLLOW NECOLE BITCHIE Popular This Week // CATEGORIES 2010 contests Ask Necole Bitchie Chick Of The Day Bitchie Chicks Bitchie Look For Less Bitchie Mail Bitchie Nails Bitchie New Artist of The Day Bitchie On A Budget Bitchie Pod Bitchie Throwback Bitchie TV Celebrities celebrity bloggers Charlamagne Should Make You Donkey Of The Day Chris What Are You Wearing Coupled Up fashion featured Flix fly guy I Want Interviews Life During The Off Season Look Bitchie Motivation Music News New Artists New Music News Briefs Personal relationships Rumor Control Superbowl XLIV TV Talk Twitter Topics Where Are They Now Who\'s Who of Atlanta World News Youtube Supastars Necole Bitchie Page 1 Inappropriate Coco Tweets Photo Of Herself Naked In Bed With Her Nephew [Video] Whitney Houston Steps Out, Sings Jesus Loves Me To Kelly... Nicki Minaj Reveals Style Icons, Love For Big Ang & New... [Video] Brandy & Monica Rehearse For Special Pre-Grammy Night Performance Who Owned The Look Serena Williams vs. Angela Simmons In Giuseppe Zanotti Body... Kobe Laughs While Fans Scream She Wasn t With You Shooting In The... New Video Jay-Z & Kanye West Ni as In Paris EVE, Michelle Williams, Letoya Luckett, Dawn Richard & More Attend Essence... Jen Gets Smacked Hard In Basketball Wives 4 Trailer Lala Anthony Covers YRB Talks Basketball Wife Label &... Necole Bitchie Page 2 Terrence J Tweets About Career, Selita & Connects I Can t... New Video Raz B Na Na Na Ne-Yo and His Fiancee Make It Rain In A Strip Club Khloe Kardashian Pictured With Her Real Father Bitchie Or Not Erykah Badu s DSquared2 Ice Skate Boots NY Giants Victor Cruz and Ashanti Get It In On The Dance Floor Mob Wives Star Big Ang Hits The Streets [And Yes, She\'s All Woman -- Proof] Solange Knowles Steps Out In Vera Wang For Runway To Win Party Kelly Rowland Shows Off Her Boobies & Talks About Her Good... Beyonce Steps Out In Sexy Black Dress For 2nd Post-Baby Night Out Necole Bitchie Page 3 Chris Brown & Rihanna To Perform At The Grammys New Video Somaya Reece Classy Girl Meagan Good Covers Vibe Vixen Talks Crazy Love, Gabrielle Union & Women... Emily & Fabolous Don t Sleep On Us [Video & Pics] Jay-z Performs At Carnegie Hall In NY With Special Guests... Bitchie Or Not Jessica White Steps Out In A Sheer Lace Jumpsuit @ Carnegie Beyonce Steps Out In Red For The First Time Since Giving Birth New Music Monica & Brandy It All Belongs To Me Amar e Stoudemire s Brother Dies in Crash New Music Nicki Minaj Marilyn Monroe 2007 - 2010 Necole Bitchie. All Rights Reserved | Layout Designed By Dustin Gary')
('clueweb12-0000tw-00-01465', 'xmlns "http //www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"> Home Interviews Advertise Contact Archives Fashion Relationships Photos Blog Roll Bitchie TV Subscribe [Video] Brandy & Monica Rehearse For Special Pre-Grammy Night Performance Fri, Feb 10 2012 by Kimmy | Filed Under Celebrities Bitchie Chicks Brandy and Monica are gearing up to return to the stage together and perform after 14 years for Clive Davis Pre-Grammy Gala on this Saturday, February 11. The ladies will sing their classic hit The Boy Is Mine, which they ve only performed once on the 1998 MTV Music Awards. Plus, they ll sing their latest duet It All Belongs To Me for the very first time ever. Hip Hollywood caught up with Brandy and Monica during their rehearsals along with Clive Davis and got the inside scoop on this long awaited and highly anticipated night. Clive Davis on celebrating Monica & Brandy return to the stage We never really had the opportunity 14 years ago to celebrate The Boy Is Mine the way that we should [have]. It became a really old-time best selling single and they only performed it once before on MTV. So the opportunity at this Pre-Grammy Glala the night before the Grammys that stands for the best in music really has performers pairing together like you ve never seen before. Really, very few people have seen Monica and Brandy sing The Boy Is Mine. It was wonderful when I got word of all this my first thought was lets celebrate. Brandy reuniting with Monica Timing is everything so I think this was the time we had a great song and we both love the song, we loved the subject matter and we just went from there. It just feels like old friends magic happening all over again in 2012. Monica on Whitney Houston showing support during rehearsal When so many things were happening in my life that weren t in favor of me reaching my full potential she was always there pushing me and I think that it made it feel good when she was in the audience just reminding us, helping us with sound and doing different things today because their expertise hers or Mr. Davis it can t be found anywhere else. Check Out Brandy & Monica during their Pre-Grammy Gala rehearsal Via Hip Hollywood TV 58 People Bitching BITCHIE LINX Maia Campbell Is Doing Well! Get The Update We Pray Etta James Hospitalized Global Grind How He Knows You Are Not Ready For Something Serious Madame Noire Tameka Foster Denies Calling Usher A Druggie Carlton Jordan Demi Lovato Twitter Slaps Disney In The Mouth D Listed Cynthia Bailey declares Her Love For Nene Leakes Madamenoire Teairra Mari Will Probably Smack Yung Berg After This Interview Hello Beautiful ADVERTISEMENT Follow @necolebitchie 58 People Bitching So Far... +29 Shawn February 10, 2012 at 11 57 am Love these two! [ Reply ] +44 Ursula Reply February 10th, 2012 at 12 14 pm They both have such a positive beaming light. Could be love, could be maturity either way I love their spirit. [ Reply ] +13 DOLL11-ONE Reply February 10th, 2012 at 12 21 pm @URSULA Good post and I think its a ocmbination [ Reply ] +2 DOLL11-ONE Reply February 10th, 2012 at 12 22 pm typo .I think I have dyslexia combination [ Reply ] Shawn Reply February 10th, 2012 at 12 44 pm I agree. I think it s all the above. [ Reply ] +8 Camille Reply February 10th, 2012 at 1 33 pm Yessssssssss Love these two. People will have their opinions but who cares. U always ask for things but when they get them they aren t satisfied . I m glad they didn t try to remake the boy is mine. They did a young fresh song. I LOVE Monica s hair and hair color. She can wear long or short. And this is huge. The pre Grammy part is THE place to be and perform [ Reply ] +4 Shawn Reply February 10th, 2012 at 2 43 pm I know right It s like Clive Davis pre Grammy party is damn near bigger than the Grammy s. LOL [ Reply ] +1 Erika Reply February 10th, 2012 at 3 10 pm Its MUCH bigger than the Grammys. Many people dont go to the Grammys anymore unless they are nominated or performing. [ Reply ] +5 kaybee Reply February 10th, 2012 at 12 43 pm Brandyyy its her year..I love me some Monica..but long hair NO! [ Reply ] +14 TeteNico Reply February 10th, 2012 at 1 28 pm I am so excited! Brandy got on the GAME, in Tyler s new movie and now making mucsic! FINALLY! [ Reply ] Leila Reply February 10th, 2012 at 3 46 pm FINALLY!!!!!!! I wanna hear them sing is that possible [ Reply ] +18 Jay February 10, 2012 at 11 59 am I love it when these two beautiful voices get together It creates great music Love these two women!!! [ Reply ] +6 Kara February 10, 2012 at 11 59 am Love them and I the only one who notices that Monica Brown has gotten A LOT thicker lately and has been wearing loose shirts A LOT lately . [ Reply ] +5 Tina Reply February 10th, 2012 at 12 29 pm Yeah I have noticed Monica s recent thickness lately as well. She has been on preggo watch for me anyway. Whether she is or is not at the moment..the extra weight looks good on her. [ Reply ] Erika Reply February 10th, 2012 at 3 10 pm Yall arent the only ones who noticed. lol My friends saw her at the other week in Atlanta and asked if she was pregnant [ Reply ] +3 Caramel25 February 10, 2012 at 12 03 pm I love Monica and Brandy and I m glad they re back making great music. I would really love if they could record a full album together. [ Reply ] bye girl February 10, 2012 at 12 04 pm love these two ladies! the boy is mine is a classic. unfortunately, in my opinion their new song isn t as rememberable or catchy. i guess lightening doesn t always strike twice. nonetheless, i m happy to see that both of these ladies have grown in the industry and i look forward to seeing them preform! [ Reply ] +1 Queen of Music February 10, 2012 at 12 05 pm Why pregrammy and not grammy I must add I was just disappointed with this new song. I really had to think of who was singing what in the song. It was just too mad for a boy is mine follow up but I wish them luck. [ Reply ] +9 Kara Reply February 10th, 2012 at 12 27 pm Actually Clive s pregrammy party is more exclusive/harder to get into than the Grammys. And they arent performing at the Grammys to be honest because neither is nominated etc. This song just came out Monday. And I have to add I am slightly disappointed with the new song as well. [ Reply ] +7 DontVoteDontComplain Reply February 10th, 2012 at 1 05 pm Agreed. If given the chance, I d much rather attend Clive s pre-Grammy party over the actual Grammys [ Reply ] +3 DOLL11-ONE February 10, 2012 at 12 06 pm Hope their performance is great .beautiful voices . sidenote I think both look better with shorter hair esp Ms Monica [ Reply ] +4 YoursTruly February 10, 2012 at 12 14 pm So they REALLY gone force this crappy single down our throats huh ! They better be performing the The Boy Is Mine Mo got a album coming out the 1st week in March and THIS is what she gone lead out with Who in the HECK is doing the thinking over there at Arista Records! Are they not reading the blogs, twitter, or FB the fans clearly said NO to this single for god s sake! I wouldn t be SO irritated over this song if I didn t KNOW they BOTH are capable of a better effort!!!! [ Reply ] +2 MISHKA Reply February 10th, 2012 at 12 27 pm Clive Davis founded Arista now part of RCA [ Reply ] +8 Kris Reply February 10th, 2012 at 12 35 pm Monica s album is being released on April 10th. But I get what you are saying. Outside of stans and some of them as well most people are not really feeling the song. Vocally those girls can sang, but I think they got cheated with the juvenille lyrics and production. [ Reply ] YoursTruly Reply February 10th, 2012 at 12 40 pm Ok I didn t know her album was pushed to April,thank goodness b/c if this song was best representation of it I m scared. I think they should have worked with Brian Michael Cox his sound and lyrical arrangements fits their maturity level so much better than some Rico Love [ Reply ] Lola A Reply February 10th, 2012 at 2 03 pm If I could give this a thousand thumbs up, I would. [ Reply ] +2 Lovely1 February 10, 2012 at 12 18 pm Beautiful Ladies ..love them and their voices ..much Love [ Reply ] Ne Ne aka iB@S February 10, 2012 at 12 24 pm NB, thanxx for changing that american apparel ad of the girl in the green pants anywho i see another ad giving us a backshot but i ll let it slide it looks fake tho [ Reply ] +4 Tina February 10, 2012 at 12 30 pm The new song is not what s up. I LOVE them both but the lyrics could have been much better. Who produced it [ Reply ] +2 DontVoteDontComplain Reply February 10th, 2012 at 1 39 pm Rico Love, the new, hot, go to producer. [ Reply ] +3 Randy February 10, 2012 at 12 33 pm Monica is a bad chick! I want my wife to look just like her! [ Reply ] +4 ShayShay February 10, 2012 at 12 45 pm @YOURSTRULY UMM, SPEAK FOR YOUSELF.. BECAUSE YOU SOUND NUTS.. 1ST OF ALL ITS EVIDENT YOU ARENT UP 2 DATE BECAUSE THEY ARE BOTH SIGNED TO RCA RECORDS SAME LABEL , THERE IS NO ARISTA RECORDS ANY LONGER THE FANS DID NOT SAY NO TO THIS, THEY DID THE SONG BECAUSE FANS BEEN REQESUTING ANOTHER DUET YEARS. OF COURSE THE NEW SONG WILL NEVER REACH THE HEIGHTS OF THE BOY IS MINE , HOWEVER THESE TWO LADIES ARE THE BEST IN R&B, & WITH THAT SAID PEOPLE WHO ARE SUPPORTING THIS KNOW DAMN WELL THIS SHIT IS GOOD. MAYBE NOT FOR YOU, BECAUSE OF YOUR EXPECTATIONS WERE SET ELSEWHERE.. BUT MONICA & BRANDY ARE R&B QUEENS THEY CAN T LOSE WITH THIS 1.. SO WHY ARE YOU SOOOO IRRITATED O_o EW.. YOU DONT KNOW WHATS BEST FOR THESE WOMAN CAUSE YOU DON T EVEN MAKE SENSE [ Reply ] ShayShay February 10, 2012 at 12 47 pm I WONDER WHY PPL ARE SO STUCK ON THE CONTENT OF LYRICS I DONT SEE ANYTHING WRONG WITH THEM THESE ARE TWO YOUNG WOMAN. SO WHAT THEY MENTION FACEBOOK, MACBOOK IN THE SONG.. ISNT THAT CURRENT THOUGH PPL BE BUGGIN . [ Reply ] K. February 10, 2012 at 12 49 pm I was speaking about their new song the other day and someone brought up how similar the song is to Beyonce Irreplaceable . I had to take a listen again and it is quite similar which makes we wonder if the song came out by someone else would the opinion be different. The song is actually growing on me but it took at least 12 listens. Boy is Mine set a high standard that I dont know if any follow up would match. [ Reply ] -1 aisha February 10, 2012 at 12 49 pm Monica looks like she s eaten something sour in that first pic. [ Reply ] Randy Reply February 10th, 2012 at 12 56 pm lmao [ Reply ] +2 DontVoteDontComplain February 10, 2012 at 1 00 pm Both these ladies have put out better sounding material than their recent duet but it wasn t supported. Now they are taking the route of many other urban artists by recording music that will appeal to the pop audience. If you don t support your favorite artists when they put out quality music don t be surprised when they start putting out music that will appeal to other audiences. Mark my words, this song will be at the top of the pop charts in no time. [ Reply ] LALA Reply February 10th, 2012 at 1 19 pm Picking Rico was a hit or miss to be honest. But to the poster who said singers going to pop more unfortunately that is SO true. Moreover, labels only tend to support singers who do that. RCA hasnt show any interest in Monica s project and promotion until now and THIS song is def more pop than r&b. I wish them both much success on both of their albums and marriage/relationships [ Reply ] +5 Say word February 10, 2012 at 1 13 pm Love em both!! I wish them nothing but success on their up and coming ventures! [ Reply ] +5 shwaggg February 10, 2012 at 1 42 pm brandy is looking all types of FAB! that outfit plus those louboutins! [ Reply ] -4 The Public February 10, 2012 at 2 04 pm What is it with sistas and weave Why is it so unnatural for you to rock your natural No hate, just asking- [ Reply ] +6 OMG IS THAT YOU February 10, 2012 at 2 09 pm Good for you guys, Successful Black, Talented and Beautiful Women I don t care if they aren t hot like Rhianna and Beyonce or Adele They still have a place in Music !!! # No Shade congrats ladies [ Reply ] +2 Roe February 10, 2012 at 2 09 pm LOL..Whitney looks like some random crackhead running around there! [ Reply ] Tyga_Fan Reply February 10th, 2012 at 5 15 pm LOL!! You re right. Such a shame to see someone so talented end up this way. I hope she recovers soon. [ Reply ] +4 aries February 10, 2012 at 2 12 pm i love that they got together again. bring that 90 s music back, please. brandy looks really cute. [ Reply ] SWEETRED February 10, 2012 at 2 31 pm Congratulations to them both, I wish them much success with the new song. I hope to finally see Monica wear something beautiful at this show. [ Reply ] +2 branstarnmodove February 10, 2012 at 2 31 pm I m sooo excited I just can t wait for everything that they are gonna do I m gonna buy both of the albums and I have to say that i really thought Rico was gonna give them something smooth like Mr Wrong or There goes my Baby but this song is growing on me a whole lot. #TEAMBRAN #TEAMMO [ Reply ] +1 RosaRubbel February 10, 2012 at 2 32 pm Is it going to be filmed I can t wait to hear it! I actually like their new single It All Belongs To Me [ Reply ] d.forevabadd February 10, 2012 at 2 41 pm DEAD @ whitney giving advice.. i ll keep it cute JUST because she s legendary [ Reply ] Gabby February 10, 2012 at 2 48 pm Monica is so pretty. Love her jacket! [ Reply ] +2 clarkthink February 10, 2012 at 3 12 pm Brandy, don t let that heifer out shine you! Sing baby sing!! [ Reply ] Bouncy Baby! February 10, 2012 at 3 46 pm love them both, can t wait to see their performance [ Reply ] +1 LouLou February 10, 2012 at 4 05 pm Can t wait to watch this! [ Reply ] +1 YOUKNOWWHO February 10, 2012 at 4 08 pm B-rocka is soooo pretty. Wish her and Monica the best [ Reply ] +1 Ericka Taylor February 10, 2012 at 4 21 pm LOVE THESE TWO TO DEATH! I HAVE EVERY BRANDY CD EVER MADE AND I HAVE A FEW MONICA ALBUMS BRINGS BACK SO MANY 90S MEMORIES. I WILL BE BUYING BOTH ALBUMS AND WISH THEM BOTH SO MUCH SUCCESS. BTW THEY LL BE PERFOMING THIS ON BRANDY S BIRTHDAY, ALSO MY BIRTHDAY SO I BELIEVE IT S A BLESSING IN DISGUISE FOR BOTH. #TEAMBRAN#TEAMMO [ Reply ] Ericka Taylor Reply February 10th, 2012 at 4 22 pm OH AND ALSO I HAVE THEIR NEW SONG MEMORIZED LOL ITS PLAYED ABOUT 15 TIMES IN MY ITUNES ALONE 3 [ Reply ] +1 jealous ones still envy February 10, 2012 at 4 27 pm cannot wait!!!! [ Reply ] +1 Songbirdie February 10, 2012 at 4 37 pm I really love this! I grew up on Monica and Brandy and to see them still making music and making it together makes my heart tingle! I love it! [ Reply ] Leave A Comment YOUR NAME YOUR E-MAIL ADDRESS WILL NOT BE PUBLISHED YOUR WEBSITE URL BEGINNING WITH HTTP // YOUR COMMENT Notify me of follow-up comments via e-mail Click to cancel reply Latest Bitchie Exclusive Kelly Rowland & Jeanette Jenkins Talk Fitness & Sexy Abs // FOLLOW NECOLE BITCHIE Popular This Week // CATEGORIES 2010 contests Ask Necole Bitchie Chick Of The Day Bitchie Chicks Bitchie Look For Less Bitchie Mail Bitchie Nails Bitchie New Artist of The Day Bitchie On A Budget Bitchie Pod Bitchie Throwback Bitchie TV Celebrities celebrity bloggers Charlamagne Should Make You Donkey Of The Day Chris What Are You Wearing Coupled Up fashion featured Flix fly guy I Want Interviews Life During The Off Season Look Bitchie Motivation Music News New Artists New Music News Briefs Personal relationships Rumor Control Superbowl XLIV TV Talk Twitter Topics Where Are They Now Who\'s Who of Atlanta World News Youtube Supastars Necole Bitchie Page 1 Inappropriate Coco Tweets Photo Of Herself Naked In Bed With Her Nephew [Video] Whitney Houston Steps Out, Sings Jesus Loves Me To Kelly... Nicki Minaj Reveals Style Icons, Love For Big Ang & New... [Video] Brandy & Monica Rehearse For Special Pre-Grammy Night Performance Who Owned The Look Serena Williams vs. Angela Simmons In Giuseppe Zanotti Body... Kobe Laughs While Fans Scream She Wasn t With You Shooting In The... New Video Jay-Z & Kanye West Ni as In Paris EVE, Michelle Williams, Letoya Luckett, Dawn Richard & More Attend Essence... Jen Gets Smacked Hard In Basketball Wives 4 Trailer Lala Anthony Covers YRB Talks Basketball Wife Label &... Necole Bitchie Page 2 Terrence J Tweets About Career, Selita & Connects I Can t... New Video Raz B Na Na Na Ne-Yo and His Fiancee Make It Rain In A Strip Club Khloe Kardashian Pictured With Her Real Father Bitchie Or Not Erykah Badu s DSquared2 Ice Skate Boots NY Giants Victor Cruz and Ashanti Get It In On The Dance Floor Mob Wives Star Big Ang Hits The Streets [And Yes, She\'s All Woman -- Proof] Solange Knowles Steps Out In Vera Wang For Runway To Win Party Kelly Rowland Shows Off Her Boobies & Talks About Her Good... Beyonce Steps Out In Sexy Black Dress For 2nd Post-Baby Night Out Necole Bitchie Page 3 Chris Brown & Rihanna To Perform At The Grammys New Video Somaya Reece Classy Girl Meagan Good Covers Vibe Vixen Talks Crazy Love, Gabrielle Union & Women... Emily & Fabolous Don t Sleep On Us [Video & Pics] Jay-z Performs At Carnegie Hall In NY With Special Guests... Bitchie Or Not Jessica White Steps Out In A Sheer Lace Jumpsuit @ Carnegie Beyonce Steps Out In Red For The First Time Since Giving Birth New Music Monica & Brandy It All Belongs To Me Amar e Stoudemire s Brother Dies in Crash New Music Nicki Minaj Marilyn Monroe 2007 - 2010 Necole Bitchie. All Rights Reserved | Layout Designed By Dustin Gary')
